REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist 	 Clean the refrigerator.
Clean the refrigerator. 	 description 	 sentence_list_1
Clean the refrigerator. 	 caution 	 sentence_list_2
Open refrigerator doors and freezer drawers to ventilate the interior. 	 description 	 sentence_list_3
Connect the power supply. 	 description 	 sentence_list_4
Turn off the icemaker. 	 description 	 sentence_list_5
Wait for the refrigerator to cool. 	 description 	 sentence_list_6
Wait for the refrigerator to cool. 	 caution 	 sentence_list_7
The refrigerator makes a loud noise after initial operation. 	 description 	 sentence_list_8
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist 	 Open refrigerator doors and freezer drawers to ventilate the interior.
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist 	 Connect the power supply.
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist 	 Turn off the icemaker.
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist 	 Wait for the refrigerator to cool.
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist 	 The refrigerator makes a loud noise after initial operation.
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Control Panel
Control Panel 	 summary 	 sentence_list_9
Control Panel 	 have_features 	 Control Panel Features
Control Panel Features 	 description 	 sentence_list_10
Control Panel Features 	 have_features 	 Ice Plus
Ice Plus 	 description 	 sentence_list_11
Smart Grid 	 description 	 sentence_list_12
Freezer 	 description 	 sentence_list_13
Refrigerator 	 description 	 sentence_list_14
Fresh Air Filter 	 description 	 sentence_list_15
Fresh Air Filter 	 have_features 	 The Fresh Air Filter helps remove odors from the refrigerator. The Fresh Air Filter has two settings, Auto and Power. In Auto mode, the Fresh Air Filter cycles on and off in increments of ten minutes on and 110 minutes off. If set to the Power mode, the Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off. After four hours, the Fresh Air Filter switches back to Auto mode.
The Fresh Air Filter helps remove odors from the refrigerator. The Fresh Air Filter has two settings, Auto and Power. In Auto mode, the Fresh Air Filter cycles on and off in increments of ten minutes on and 110 minutes off. If set to the Power mode, the Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off. After four hours, the Fresh Air Filter switches back to Auto mode. 	 description 	 sentence_list_16
Lock 	 have_features 	 The lock function disables every other button on the display.
The lock function disables every other button on the display. 	 description 	 sentence_list_17
Water Filter 	 description 	 sentence_list_18
Wi-Fi 	 description 	 sentence_list_19
Water & Ice Type 	 description 	 sentence_list_20
Control Panel Features 	 have_features 	 Smart Grid
Control Panel Features 	 have_features 	 Freezer
Control Panel Features 	 have_features 	 Refrigerator
Control Panel Features 	 have_features 	 Fresh Air Filter
Control Panel Features 	 have_features 	 Lock
Control Panel Features 	 have_features 	 Water Filter
Control Panel Features 	 have_features 	  Wi-Fi
Control Panel Features 	 have_features 	 Water & Ice Type
Control Panel Features 	 have_features 	 Display Mode (For Store Use Only)
Display Mode (For Store Use Only) 	 description 	 sentence_list_21
Display Mode (For Store Use Only) 	 deactivate 	 sentence_list_22
Display Mode (For Store Use Only) 	 activate 	 sentence_list_23
Sabbath Mode 	 summary 	 sentence_list_24
Sabbath Mode 	 Using.description 	 sentence_list_25
Sabbath Mode 	 Using 	 Sabbath mode is used on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays.
Sabbath mode is used on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays. 	 description 	 sentence_list_26
Ice and Water Dispenser 	 Before_Using.description 	 sentence_list_27
Ice and Water Dispenser 	 Before_Using.caution 	 sentence_list_28
Ice and Water Dispenser 	 Using.procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_29
Ice and Water Dispenser 	 Locking 	 sentence_list_30
Ice and Water Dispenser 	 have_features 	 Dispenser
Dispenser 	 Cleaning 	 Ice and Water Outlet
Ice and Water Outlet 	 Cleaning.description 	 sentence_list_31
Dispenser Tray 	 Cleaning 	 sentence_list_32
Dispenser 	 Cleaning 	 Dispenser Tray
Ice Compartment 	 summary.prerequisites.description 	 sentence_list_33
Ice Compartment 	 summary.prerequisites.caution 	 sentence_list_34
Ice Compartment 	 have_features 	 In-Door Ice Bin
In-Door Ice Bin 	 description 	 sentence_list_35
In-Door Ice Bin 	 caution 	 sentence_list_36
In-Door Ice Bin 	 Detaching.caution 	 sentence_list_37
In-Door Ice Bin 	 Detaching.procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_38
In-Door Ice Bin 	 Assembling.caution 	 sentence_list_39
In-Door Ice Bin 	 Assembling.procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_40
Automatic Icemaker 	 summary.prerequisites.warning 	 sentence_list_41
Automatic Icemaker 	 have_features 	 In-Door Icemaker
In-Door Icemaker 	 have_features 	 sentence_list_42
In-Door Icemaker 	 Before_Using.description 	 sentence_list_43
Freezer Icemaker 	 Before_Using.description 	 sentence_list_44
Freezer Icemaker (Cubed Ice) 	 description 	 sentence_list_45
Freezer Icemaker (Cubed Ice) 	 have_features 	 sentence_list_46
Icemaker 	 Turning_On 	 sentence_list_47
Icemaker 	 Turning_Off 	 sentence_list_48
Normal Sounds You May Hear 	 description 	 sentence_list_49
Preparing for Vacation 	 description 	 sentence_list_50
Automatic Icemaker 	 have_features 	 Freezer Icemaker
Automatic Icemaker 	 have_features 	 Freezer Icemaker (Cubed Ice)
Automatic Icemaker 	 have_features 	 Icemaker
Automatic Icemaker 	 have_features 	 Normal Sounds You May Hear
Automatic Icemaker 	 have_features 	 Preparing for Vacation
Food 	 Storing 	 Food Storage Tips
Food Storage Tips 	 description 	 sentence_list_51
Food Storage Tips 	 caution 	 sentence_list_52
Food Storage Tips 	 How_to_Store_Food 	 Butter or Margarine
Butter or Margarine 	 description 	 sentence_list_53
Cheese 	 description 	 sentence_list_54
Milk 	 description 	 sentence_list_55
Eggs 	 description 	 sentence_list_56
Fruit 	 description 	 sentence_list_57
Leafy Vegetables 	 description 	 sentence_list_58
Vegetables with skins (carrots, peppers) 	 description 	 sentence_list_59
Fish 	 description 	 sentence_list_60
Leftovers 	 description 	 sentence_list_61
Food Storage Tips 	 How_to_Store_Food 	 Cheese
Food Storage Tips 	 How_to_Store_Food 	 Milk
Food Storage Tips 	 How_to_Store_Food 	 Eggs
Food Storage Tips 	 How_to_Store_Food 	 Fruit
Food Storage Tips 	 How_to_Store_Food 	 Leafy Vegetables
Food Storage Tips 	 How_to_Store_Food 	 Vegetables with skins (carrots, peppers)
Food Storage Tips 	 How_to_Store_Food 	 Fish
Food Storage Tips 	 How_to_Store_Food 	 Leftovers
Frozen Food 	 Storing.description 	 sentence_list_62
Frozen Food 	 Storing.Freezing 	 sentence_list_63
Frozen Food 	 Storing.Packaging.description 	 sentence_list_64
Frozen Food 	 Storing.Packaging.Packaging_recommendations 	 sentence_list_65
Frozen Food 	 Storing.Packaging.Do_not_use 	 sentence_list_66
Food 	 Storing 	 Frozen Food
Humidity Controlled Crispers 	 Using.description 	 sentence_list_67
Humidity Controlled Crispers 	 Using 	 You can control the amount of humidity in the moisture-sealed crispers by adjusting the control to any setting between Vegetables and Fruit.
You can control the amount of humidity in the moisture-sealed crispers by adjusting the control to any setting between Vegetables and Fruit. 	 description 	 sentence_list_68
Humidity Controlled Crispers 	 Removing.procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_69
Humidity Controlled Crispers 	 Assembling.procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_70
Glide‘N’Serve 	 Using.description 	 sentence_list_71
Glide‘N’Serve 	 Using.caution 	 sentence_list_72
Glide‘N’Serve 	 Detaching.procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_73
Glide‘N’Serve 	 Assembling.procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_74
Refrigerator Shelves 	 summary 	 sentence_list_75
Refrigerator Shelves 	 have_features 	 Folding Shelf
Folding Shelf 	 Using.description 	 sentence_list_76
Folding Shelf 	 Using.caution 	 sentence_list_77
Shelf 	 Detaching.caution 	 sentence_list_78
Shelf 	 Detaching.procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_79
Shelf 	 Assembling.caution 	 sentence_list_80
Shelf 	 Assembling.procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_81
Refrigerator Shelves 	 have_features 	 Shelf
Door-in-Door 	 summary 	 sentence_list_82
Door-in-Door 	 have_features 	 Door-in-Door Compartment
Door-in-Door Compartment 	 description 	 sentence_list_83
Door-in-Door Bin 	 description 	 sentence_list_84
Door-in-Door Bin 	 procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_85
Door-in-Door Case 	 description 	 sentence_list_86
Door-in-Door Case 	 procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_87
Door-in-Door 	 have_features 	 Door-in-Door Bin
Door-in-Door 	 have_features 	 Door-in-Door Case
Door Bins 	 have_features 	 Door Bin
Door Bin 	 Detaching.description 	 sentence_list_88
Door Bin 	 Detaching.procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_89
Door Bin 	 Detaching.caution 	 sentence_list_90
Door Bin 	 Assembling.description 	 sentence_list_91
Door Bin 	 Assembling.procedure.steps 	 sentence_list_92
Door Bin 	 Assembling.caution 	 sentence_list_93
Durabase 	 Using.description 	 sentence_list_94
Durabase 	 Using.warning 	 sentence_list_95
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Sabbath Mode
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Ice and Water Dispenser
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Ice Compartment
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Automatic Icemaker
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Food
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Humidity Controlled Crispers
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Glide‘N’Serve
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Refrigerator Shelves
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Door-in-Door
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Door Bins
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Durabase
sentence_list_2 	 talks about 	 Remove adhesive residue by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent.
sentence_list_2 	 talks about 	 Do not peel off the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator.
Remove adhesive residue by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent. 	 paraphrase 	 adhesive residue should be removed by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent
adhesive residue should be removed by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent 	 talks about 	 adhesive residue
adhesive residue should be removed by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent 	 talks about 	 by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent
adhesive residue 	 should be removed 	 by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent
Do not peel off the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator should not be peeled off
the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator should not be peeled off 	 talks about 	 the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator
sentence_list_3 	 talks about 	 The inside of the refrigerator may smell like plastic at first.
sentence_list_3 	 talks about 	 Remove any adhesive tape from inside the refrigerator and open the refrigerator doors and the freezer drawers for ventilation.
The inside of the refrigerator may smell like plastic at first. 	 talks about 	 The inside of the refrigerator
The inside of the refrigerator may smell like plastic at first. 	 talks about 	 first
The inside of the refrigerator 	 may smell at 	 first
sentence_list_4 	 talks about 	 Check if the power supply is connected before use.
Check if the power supply is connected before use. 	 talks about 	 the power supply is connected before use
Check if the power supply is connected before use. 	 talks about 	 Check
Check 	 Condition 	 the power supply is connected before use
the power supply is connected before use 	 Follows 	 Check
sentence_list_5 	 talks about 	 Turn off the icemaker if the refrigerator is not yet connected to the water supply.
sentence_list_5 	 talks about 	 The the icemaker water valve may buzz if the icemaker is turned on while the refrigerator is not connected to the water supply.
Turn off the icemaker if the refrigerator is not yet connected to the water supply. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator is not yet connected to the water supply
Turn off the icemaker if the refrigerator is not yet connected to the water supply. 	 talks about 	 Turn off the icemaker
Turn off the icemaker 	 Condition 	 the refrigerator is not yet connected to the water supply
the refrigerator is not yet connected to the water supply 	 Follows 	 Turn off the icemaker
The the icemaker water valve may buzz if the icemaker is turned on while the refrigerator is not connected to the water supply. 	 talks about 	 the icemaker is turned on while the refrigerator is not connected to the water supply
The the icemaker water valve may buzz if the icemaker is turned on while the refrigerator is not connected to the water supply. 	 talks about 	 The the icemaker water valve may buzz
The the icemaker water valve may buzz 	 Condition 	 the icemaker is turned on while the refrigerator is not connected to the water supply
the icemaker is turned on while the refrigerator is not connected to the water supply 	 Follows 	 The the icemaker water valve may buzz
Turn off the icemaker 	 paraphrase 	 the icemaker should be turned off
the icemaker should be turned off 	 talks about 	 the icemaker
the icemaker is turned on while the refrigerator is not connected to the water supply 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator is not connected to the water supply
the icemaker is turned on while the refrigerator is not connected to the water supply 	 talks about 	 the icemaker is turned on
the icemaker is turned on 	 Synchronous 	 the refrigerator is not connected to the water supply
the refrigerator is not yet connected to the water supply 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator is not yet connected to the water supply 	 talks about 	 yet
the refrigerator 	 is not connected 	 yet
sentence_list_6 	 talks about 	 Allow the refrigerator to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator.
sentence_list_6 	 talks about 	 Check the flow of cold air in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling.
Allow the refrigerator to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 the refrigerator should be allowed to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator
the refrigerator should be allowed to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator should be allowed to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 should be allowed 	 to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator
Check the flow of cold air in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling. 	 paraphrase 	 the flow of cold air should be checked in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling
the flow of cold air should be checked in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling 	 talks about 	 the flow of cold air
the flow of cold air should be checked in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling 	 talks about 	 in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling
the flow of cold air 	 should be checked 	 in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling
the refrigerator should be allowed to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 at least two to three hours
the refrigerator should be allowed to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 putting food in the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 to run for 	 at least two to three hours
the refrigerator 	 to run before 	 putting food in the refrigerator
the flow of cold air should be checked in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling 	 talks about 	 the freezer compartment
the flow of cold air should be checked in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling 	 talks about 	 ensure proper cooling
the flow of cold air 	 should be checked in 	 the freezer compartment
the flow of cold air 	 should be checked to 	 ensure proper cooling
sentence_list_7 	 talks about 	 Putting food in the refrigerator before the refrigerator has cooled could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator.
Putting food in the refrigerator before the refrigerator has cooled could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator has cooled
Putting food in the refrigerator before the refrigerator has cooled could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator
Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil , or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator 	 Precedence 	 the refrigerator has cooled
Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 Putting food in the refrigerator
Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 food to spoil
Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 a bad odor
Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
Putting food in the refrigerator 	 could cause 	 food to spoil
a bad odor 	 to remain inside 	 the refrigerator
sentence_list_8 	 talks about 	 The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases.
The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases. 	 talks about 	 as the temperature decreases
The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases. 	 talks about 	 The volume will decrease
sentence_list_9 	 talks about 	 Depending on the model, some of the following functions may not be available.
sentence_list_9 	 talks about 	 The actual control panel may differ from model to model.
Depending on the model, some of the following functions may not be available. 	 talks about 	 some of the following functions
Depending on the model, some of the following functions may not be available. 	 talks about 	 available
some of the following functions 	 may not be 	 available
sentence_list_10 	 talks about 	 When the refrigerator is in the Power Saving Mode, the display remains off until a door is opened or a button is pressed.
sentence_list_10 	 talks about 	 Once on, the display remains on for 20 seconds.
When the refrigerator is in the Power Saving Mode, the display remains off until a door is opened or a button is pressed. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator is in the Power Saving Mode
When the refrigerator is in the Power Saving Mode, the display remains off until a door is opened or a button is pressed. 	 talks about 	 the display remains off until a door is opened or a button is pressed
the display remains off until a door is opened or a button is pressed 	 Synchronous 	 the refrigerator is in the Power Saving Mode
Once on, the display remains on for 20 seconds. 	 talks about 	 on, the display remains on for 20 seconds
the display remains off until a door is opened or a button is pressed 	 talks about 	 a door is opened or a button is pressed
the display remains off until a door is opened or a button is pressed 	 talks about 	 the display remains off
the display remains off 	 Precedence 	 a door is opened or a button is pressed
a door is opened or a button is pressed 	 talks about 	 a button is pressed
a door is opened or a button is pressed 	 talks about 	 a door is opened
a door is opened 	 Alternative 	 a button is pressed
the refrigerator is in the Power Saving Mode 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator is in the Power Saving Mode 	 talks about 	 the Power Saving Mode
the refrigerator 	 is in 	 the Power Saving Mode
on, the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 talks about 	 the display
on, the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 talks about 	 20 seconds
the display 	 remains for 	 20 seconds
the display remains off 	 talks about 	 the display
sentence_list_11 	 talks about 	 Ice Plus increases both ice making and freezing capabilities.
sentence_list_11 	 talks about 	 Press the Ice Plus button to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours.
sentence_list_11 	 talks about 	 Ice Plus automatically shuts off after 24 hours.
sentence_list_11 	 talks about 	 Stop Ice Plus manually by pressing the Ice Plus button once more.
Press the Ice Plus button to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours. 	 paraphrase 	 the Ice Plus button should be pressed to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours
the Ice Plus button should be pressed to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours 	 talks about 	 the Ice Plus button
the Ice Plus button should be pressed to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours 	 talks about 	 to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours
the Ice Plus button 	 should be pressed 	 to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours
Stop Ice Plus manually by pressing the Ice Plus button once more. 	 paraphrase 	 Ice Plus should be stopped manually by pressing the Ice Plus button once more
Ice Plus should be stopped manually by pressing the Ice Plus button once more 	 talks about 	 Ice Plus
Ice Plus should be stopped manually by pressing the Ice Plus button once more 	 talks about 	 manually by pressing the Ice Plus button once more
Ice Plus 	 should be stopped 	 manually by pressing the Ice Plus button once more
Ice Plus increases both ice making and freezing capabilities. 	 talks about 	 Ice Plus
Ice Plus increases both ice making and freezing capabilities. 	 talks about 	 both ice making
Ice Plus increases both ice making and freezing capabilities. 	 talks about 	 both freezing capabilities
Ice Plus 	 increases 	 both ice making
Ice Plus 	 increases 	 both freezing capabilities
the Ice Plus button should be pressed to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours 	 talks about 	 the Ice
the Ice Plus button should be pressed to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours 	 talks about 	 Ice
the Ice Plus button should be pressed to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours 	 talks about 	 button
the Ice Plus button should be pressed to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours 	 talks about 	 24 hours
the Ice Plus button should be pressed to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours 	 talks about 	 activate Ice
the Ice Plus button should be pressed to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours 	 talks about 	 the icon
the Ice Plus button should be pressed to illuminate the icon and activate Ice Plus for 24 hours 	 talks about 	 illuminate the icon
the Ice 	 to activate 	 Ice
button 	 should be pressed for 	 24 hours
button 	 should be pressed to 	 activate Ice
the Ice 	 should be pressed to 	 activate Ice
the Ice 	 to illuminate 	 the icon
the Ice 	 should be pressed for 	 24 hours
button 	 to illuminate 	 the icon
the Ice 	 should be pressed to 	 illuminate the icon
button 	 should be pressed to 	 illuminate the icon
button 	 to activate 	 Ice
Ice Plus automatically shuts off after 24 hours. 	 talks about 	 Ice Plus
Ice Plus automatically shuts off after 24 hours. 	 talks about 	 24 hours
Ice Plus 	 automatically shuts off after 	 24 hours
sentence_list_12 	 talks about 	 Press the Smart Grid button to turn the function On/Off.
sentence_list_12 	 talks about 	 When the function is on, the icon illuminates.
sentence_list_12 	 talks about 	 the function automatically turns on when the refrigerator is connected to the Wi-Fi network.
sentence_list_12 	 talks about 	 When the refrigerator is responding to a Demand Response ( DR ) message from the electric company, the Grid text illuminates.
Press the Smart Grid button to turn the function On/Off. 	 paraphrase 	 the Smart Grid button should be pressed to turn the function On/Off
the Smart Grid button should be pressed to turn the function On/Off 	 talks about 	 the Smart Grid button
the Smart Grid button should be pressed to turn the function On/Off 	 talks about 	 to turn the function On/Off
the Smart Grid button 	 should be pressed 	 to turn the function On/Off
When the function is on, the icon illuminates. 	 talks about 	 the function is on
When the function is on, the icon illuminates. 	 talks about 	 the icon illuminates
the icon illuminates 	 Synchronous 	 the function is on
the function automatically turns on when the refrigerator is connected to the Wi-Fi network. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator is connected to the Wi-Fi network
the function automatically turns on when the refrigerator is connected to the Wi-Fi network. 	 talks about 	 the function automatically turns on
the function automatically turns on 	 Synchronous 	 the refrigerator is connected to the Wi-Fi network
When the refrigerator is responding to a Demand Response ( DR ) message from the electric company, the Grid text illuminates. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator is responding to a Demand Response DR message from the electric company
When the refrigerator is responding to a Demand Response ( DR ) message from the electric company, the Grid text illuminates. 	 talks about 	 the Grid text illuminates
the Grid text illuminates 	 Synchronous 	 the refrigerator is responding to a Demand Response DR message from the electric company
the Smart Grid button should be pressed to turn the function On/Off 	 talks about 	 the function
the Smart Grid button should be pressed to turn the function On/Off 	 talks about 	 turn the function On/Off
the Smart Grid button 	 to turn Off 	 the function
the Smart Grid button 	 should be pressed to 	 turn the function On/Off
the refrigerator is responding to a Demand Response DR message from the electric company 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator is responding to a Demand Response DR message from the electric company 	 talks about 	 a Demand Response DR message from the electric company
the refrigerator 	 is responding to 	 a Demand Response DR message from the electric company
sentence_list_13 	 talks about 	 Indicates the set temperature of the freezer compartment in Celsius ( ° C ) or Fahrenheit ( ° F ).
sentence_list_13 	 talks about 	 The default freezer temperature is 0 ° F (-18 ° C ).
sentence_list_13 	 talks about 	 Press the Freezer button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-6 ° F to 8 ° F (-21 ° C to-13 ° C ).
Press the Freezer button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-6 ° F to 8 ° F (-21 ° C to-13 ° C ). 	 paraphrase 	 the Freezer button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-6 ° F to 8 ° F-21 ° C to-13 ° C
the Freezer button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-6 ° F to 8 ° F-21 ° C to-13 ° C 	 talks about 	 the Freezer button
the Freezer button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-6 ° F to 8 ° F-21 ° C to-13 ° C 	 talks about 	 repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-6 ° F to 8 ° F-21 ° C to-13 ° C
the Freezer button 	 should be pressed 	 repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-6 ° F to 8 ° F-21 ° C to-13 ° C
sentence_list_14 	 talks about 	 Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius ( ° C ) or Fahrenheit ( ° F ).
sentence_list_14 	 talks about 	 The default refrigerator temperature is 37 ° F ( 3 ° C ).
sentence_list_14 	 talks about 	 Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 46 ° F ( 1 ° C to 8 ° C ).
sentence_list_14 	 talks about 	 To change the temperature mode from ° F to ° C ( or vice versa ) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds.
To change the temperature mode from ° F to ° C ( or vice versa ) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. 	 talks about 	 the temperature mode
To change the temperature mode from ° F to ° C ( or vice versa ) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. 	 talks about 	 from ° F to ° C or vice versa press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds
the temperature mode 	 should be changed by 	 from ° F to ° C or vice versa press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds
sentence_list_14 	 talks about 	 The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.
sentence_list_14 	 talks about 	 The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator.
sentence_list_14 	 talks about 	 the actual temperature of the refrigerator depends on the food inside the refrigerator.
Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 46 ° F ( 1 ° C to 8 ° C ). 	 paraphrase 	 the Refrigerator button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 46 ° F 1 ° C to 8 ° C
the Refrigerator button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 46 ° F 1 ° C to 8 ° C 	 talks about 	 the Refrigerator button
the Refrigerator button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 46 ° F 1 ° C to 8 ° C 	 talks about 	 repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 46 ° F 1 ° C to 8 ° C
the Refrigerator button 	 should be pressed 	 repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 46 ° F 1 ° C to 8 ° C
The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 The displayed temperature
The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 the target temperature
The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 the actual temperature of the refrigerator
The displayed temperature 	 is 	 the target temperature
The displayed temperature 	 is not 	 the actual temperature of the refrigerator
the actual temperature of the refrigerator depends on the food inside the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 the actual temperature of the refrigerator
the actual temperature of the refrigerator depends on the food inside the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 the food inside the refrigerator
the actual temperature of the refrigerator 	 depends on 	 the food inside the refrigerator
sentence_list_15 	 talks about 	 Replace Fresh Air Filter when the g icon turns on.
sentence_list_15 	 talks about 	 After replacing Fresh Air Filter, press and hold the Fresh Air Filter button for three seconds to turn the icon light off.
sentence_list_15 	 talks about 	 Replace Fresh Air Filter approximately every six months.
sentence_list_15 	 talks about 	 Refer to the Replacing the Fresh Air Filter section for details.
Replace Fresh Air Filter when the g icon turns on. 	 talks about 	 the g icon turns on
Replace Fresh Air Filter when the g icon turns on. 	 talks about 	 Replace Fresh Air Filter
Replace Fresh Air Filter 	 Synchronous 	 the g icon turns on
After replacing Fresh Air Filter, press and hold the Fresh Air Filter button for three seconds to turn the icon light off. 	 talks about 	 to turn the icon light off
After replacing Fresh Air Filter, press and hold the Fresh Air Filter button for three seconds to turn the icon light off. 	 talks about 	 After replacing Fresh Air Filter, press and hold the Fresh Air Filter button for three seconds
Replace Fresh Air Filter approximately every six months. 	 paraphrase 	 Fresh Air Filter should be replaced approximately every six months
Fresh Air Filter should be replaced approximately every six months 	 talks about 	 Fresh Air Filter
Fresh Air Filter should be replaced approximately every six months 	 talks about 	 approximately every six months
Fresh Air Filter 	 should be replaced 	 approximately every six months
Refer to the Replacing the Fresh Air Filter section for details. 	 paraphrase 	 the Replacing the Fresh Air Filter section should be referred to for details
the Replacing the Fresh Air Filter section should be referred to for details 	 talks about 	 the Replacing the Fresh Air Filter section
the Replacing the Fresh Air Filter section should be referred to for details 	 talks about 	 to for details
the Replacing the Fresh Air Filter section 	 should be referred 	 to for details
Replace Fresh Air Filter 	 paraphrase 	 Fresh Air Filter should be replaced 
Fresh Air Filter should be replaced approximately every six months 	 talks about 	 every six months
Fresh Air Filter should be replaced approximately every six months 	 talks about 	 approximately
Fresh Air Filter 	 should be replaced 	 every six months
Fresh Air Filter 	 should be replaced 	 approximately
sentence_list_16 	 talks about 	 The Fresh Air Filter has two settings, Auto and Power.
sentence_list_16 	 talks about 	 In Auto mode, The Fresh Air Filter cycles on and off in increments of ten minutes on and 110 minutes off.
sentence_list_16 	 talks about 	 If set to the Power mode, The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off.
sentence_list_16 	 talks about 	 After four hours, The Fresh Air Filter switches back to Auto mode .. Press the Fresh Air Filter button repeatedly to toggle between the Power mode and Auto mode.
If set to the Power mode, The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off. 	 talks about 	 set to the Power mode
If set to the Power mode, The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off. 	 talks about 	 The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off
The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours , cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off 	 Condition 	 set to the Power mode
set to the Power mode 	 Follows 	 The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours , cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off
After four hours, The Fresh Air Filter switches back to Auto mode .. Press the Fresh Air Filter button repeatedly to toggle between the Power mode and Auto mode. 	 talks about 	 four hours, The Fresh Air Filter switches back to Auto mode .. Press the Fresh Air Filter button repeatedly to toggle between the Power mode and Auto mode
The Fresh Air Filter has two settings, Auto and Power. 	 talks about 	 The Fresh Air Filter
The Fresh Air Filter has two settings, Auto and Power. 	 talks about 	 two settings
The Fresh Air Filter 	 has 	 two settings
The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off 	 talks about 	 The Fresh Air Filter
The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off 	 talks about 	 increments of five minutes off
The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off 	 talks about 	 cycling on
The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off 	 talks about 	 increments of ten minutes on off
The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off 	 talks about 	 four hours
The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off 	 talks about 	 cycling off in increments of five minutes off
The Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off 	 talks about 	 cycling off in increments of ten minutes on off
The Fresh Air Filter 	 cycling off in 	 increments of five minutes off
The Fresh Air Filter 	 stays continuously 	 cycling on
The Fresh Air Filter 	 cycling off in 	 increments of ten minutes on off
The Fresh Air Filter 	 stays continuously for 	 four hours
The Fresh Air Filter 	 stays continuously 	 cycling off in increments of five minutes off
The Fresh Air Filter 	 stays continuously 	 cycling off in increments of ten minutes on off
four hours, The Fresh Air Filter switches back to Auto mode .. Press the Fresh Air Filter button repeatedly to toggle between the Power mode and Auto mode 	 talks about 	 The Fresh Air Filter
four hours, The Fresh Air Filter switches back to Auto mode .. Press the Fresh Air Filter button repeatedly to toggle between the Power mode and Auto mode 	 talks about 	 four hours
four hours, The Fresh Air Filter switches back to Auto mode .. Press the Fresh Air Filter button repeatedly to toggle between the Power mode and Auto mode 	 talks about 	 toggle between the Power mode and Auto mode
The Fresh Air Filter 	 switches back repeatedly to toggle between the Power mode and Auto mode 	 four hours
The Fresh Air Filter 	 switches back repeatedly to 	 toggle between the Power mode and Auto mode
sentence_list_17 	 talks about 	 When power is initially connected to the refrigerator, The lock function is off.
sentence_list_17 	 talks about 	 To lock the control panel buttons, press and hold the Lock button until the k icon appears in the display and The lock function is activated.
To lock the control panel buttons, press and hold the Lock button until the k icon appears in the display and The lock function is activated. 	 talks about 	 the control panel buttons
To lock the control panel buttons, press and hold the Lock button until the k icon appears in the display and The lock function is activated. 	 talks about 	 press and hold the Lock button until the k icon appears in the display and The lock function is activated
the control panel buttons 	 should be locked by 	 press and hold the Lock button until the k icon appears in the display and The lock function is activated
sentence_list_17 	 talks about 	 To disable The lock function, press and hold the Lock button for approximately three seconds.
To disable The lock function, press and hold the Lock button for approximately three seconds. 	 talks about 	 The lock function
To disable The lock function, press and hold the Lock button for approximately three seconds. 	 talks about 	 press and hold the Lock button for approximately three seconds
The lock function 	 should be disabled by 	 press and hold the Lock button for approximately three seconds
When power is initially connected to the refrigerator, The lock function is off. 	 talks about 	 power is initially connected to the refrigerator
When power is initially connected to the refrigerator, The lock function is off. 	 talks about 	 The lock function is off
The lock function is off 	 Synchronous 	 power is initially connected to the refrigerator
power is initially connected to the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 power
power is initially connected to the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 initially
power 	 is connected 	 initially
The lock function is off 	 talks about 	 The lock function
sentence_list_18 	 talks about 	 Replace the water filter when the h icon turns on.
sentence_list_18 	 talks about 	 After replacing the water filter, press and hold the Water Filter button for three seconds to turn the icon light off.
sentence_list_18 	 talks about 	 Replace the water filter approximately every six months.
Replace the water filter when the h icon turns on. 	 talks about 	 the h icon turns on
Replace the water filter when the h icon turns on. 	 talks about 	 Replace the water filter
Replace the water filter 	 Synchronous 	 the h icon turns on
Replace the water filter approximately every six months. 	 paraphrase 	 the water filter should be replaced approximately every six months
the water filter should be replaced approximately every six months 	 talks about 	 the water filter
the water filter should be replaced approximately every six months 	 talks about 	 approximately every six months
the water filter 	 should be replaced 	 approximately every six months
Replace the water filter 	 paraphrase 	 the water filter should be replaced 
the water filter should be replaced approximately every six months 	 talks about 	 approximately
the water filter should be replaced approximately every six months 	 talks about 	 every six months
the water filter 	 should be replaced 	 approximately
the water filter 	 should be replaced 	 every six months
sentence_list_19 	 talks about 	 The Wi-Fi button, when used with the LG ThinQ app, allows the refrigerator to connect to a home Wi-Fi network.
sentence_list_19 	 talks about 	 Refer to Smart Functions for information on the initial setup of the LG ThinQ app.
sentence_list_19 	 talks about 	 The f icon shows the status of the refrigerator network connection.
sentence_list_19 	 talks about 	 The f icon illuminates when the refrigerator is connected to a home Wi-Fi network.
sentence_list_19 	 talks about 	 Press and hold The Wi-Fi button for 3 seconds to connect to a home Wi-Fi network.
sentence_list_19 	 talks about 	 The f icon blinks while the connection is being made, then turns on once the connection is successfully made.
The Wi-Fi button, when used with the LG ThinQ app, allows the refrigerator to connect to a home Wi-Fi network. 	 talks about 	 used with the LG ThinQ app
The Wi-Fi button, when used with the LG ThinQ app, allows the refrigerator to connect to a home Wi-Fi network. 	 talks about 	 The Wi-Fi button, , allows the refrigerator to connect to a home Wi-Fi network
The Wi-Fi button , , allows the refrigerator to connect to a home Wi-Fi network 	 Synchronous 	 used with the LG ThinQ app
The f icon illuminates when the refrigerator is connected to a home Wi-Fi network. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator is connected to a home Wi-Fi network
The f icon illuminates when the refrigerator is connected to a home Wi-Fi network. 	 talks about 	 The f icon illuminates
The f icon illuminates 	 Synchronous 	 the refrigerator is connected to a home Wi-Fi network
The f icon blinks while the connection is being made, then turns on once the connection is successfully made. 	 talks about 	 the connection is being made
The f icon blinks while the connection is being made, then turns on once the connection is successfully made. 	 talks about 	 The f icon blinks, then turns on once the connection is successfully made
The f icon blinks , then turns on once the connection is successfully made 	 Synchronous 	 the connection is being made
The f icon blinks , then turns on once the connection is successfully made 	 talks about 	 the connection is successfully made
The f icon blinks , then turns on once the connection is successfully made 	 talks about 	 The f icon blinks, then turns on
The f icon blinks , then turns on 	 Succession 	 the connection is successfully made
The f icon shows the status of the refrigerator network connection. 	 talks about 	 The f icon
The f icon shows the status of the refrigerator network connection. 	 talks about 	 the status of the refrigerator network connection
The f icon 	 shows 	 the status of the refrigerator network connection
The Wi-Fi button, , allows the refrigerator to connect to a home Wi-Fi network 	 talks about 	 The Wi-Fi button
The Wi-Fi button, , allows the refrigerator to connect to a home Wi-Fi network 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator to connect to a home Wi-Fi network
The Wi-Fi button 	 allows 	 the refrigerator to connect to a home Wi-Fi network
The f icon blinks, then turns on 	 talks about 	 The f icon
sentence_list_20 	 talks about 	 Select the desired dispenser mode from the buttons on the dispenser control panel.
sentence_list_20 	 talks about 	 Press the dispenser switch with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice.
Select the desired dispenser mode from the buttons on the dispenser control panel. 	 paraphrase 	 the desired dispenser mode should be selected from the buttons on the dispenser control panel
the desired dispenser mode should be selected from the buttons on the dispenser control panel 	 talks about 	 the desired dispenser mode
the desired dispenser mode should be selected from the buttons on the dispenser control panel 	 talks about 	 from the buttons on the dispenser control panel
the desired dispenser mode 	 should be selected 	 from the buttons on the dispenser control panel
Press the dispenser switch with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice. 	 paraphrase 	 the dispenser switch should be pressed with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice
the dispenser switch should be pressed with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice 	 talks about 	 the dispenser switch
the dispenser switch should be pressed with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice 	 talks about 	 with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice
the dispenser switch 	 should be pressed 	 with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice
the desired dispenser mode should be selected from the buttons on the dispenser control panel 	 talks about 	 the buttons
the desired dispenser mode 	 should be selected from 	 the buttons
the dispenser switch should be pressed with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice 	 talks about 	 a glass or other container
the dispenser switch should be pressed with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice 	 talks about 	 dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice
the dispenser switch 	 should be pressed with 	 a glass or other container
the dispenser switch 	 should be pressed with a glass or other container to 	 dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice
sentence_list_21 	 talks about 	 Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store.
sentence_list_21 	 talks about 	 When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds.
Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store. 	 talks about 	 on display in a retail store
Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store. 	 talks about 	 Display Mode For Store Use Only disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy
Display Mode For Store Use Only disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy 	 Synchronous 	 on display in a retail store
When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds. 	 talks about 	 activated
When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds. 	 talks about 	 OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds
OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 Synchronous 	 activated
OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 talks about 	 the display remains on for 20 seconds
OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 talks about 	 OFF is displayed on the control panel
OFF is displayed on the control panel 	 Conjunction 	 the display remains on for 20 seconds
Display Mode For Store Use Only disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy 	 talks about 	 Display Mode For Store Use
Display Mode For Store Use Only disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy 	 talks about 	 all cooling in the freezer sections to conserve energy
Display Mode For Store Use Only disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy 	 talks about 	 all cooling in the refrigerator sections to conserve energy
Display Mode For Store Use 	 disables 	 all cooling in the freezer sections to conserve energy
Display Mode For Store Use 	 disables 	 all cooling in the refrigerator sections to conserve energy
the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 talks about 	 the display
the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 talks about 	 20 seconds
OFF is displayed on the control panel 	 talks about 	 the control panel
sentence_list_22 	 talks about 	 With either refrigerator door opened, press and hold the Refrigerator and Ice Plus buttons at the same time for 5 seconds.
sentence_list_22 	 talks about 	 The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) is deactivated.
sentence_list_22 	 talks about 	 Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ).
The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) is deactivated. 	 talks about 	 Display Mode For Store Use Only is deactivated
The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) is deactivated. 	 talks about 	 The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm
The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm 	 that 	 Display Mode For Store Use Only is deactivated
Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ). 	 paraphrase 	 the same procedure should be used to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only
the same procedure should be used to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only 	 talks about 	 the same procedure
the same procedure should be used to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only 	 talks about 	 to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only
the same procedure 	 should be used 	 to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only
The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm 	 talks about 	 the temperature settings display to confirm
The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm 	 talks about 	 The control panel beeps
The control panel beeps 	 Conjunction 	 the temperature settings display to confirm
the same procedure should be used to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only 	 talks about 	 activate Display Mode For Store Use Only
the same procedure 	 should be used to 	 activate Display Mode For Store Use Only
the temperature settings display to confirm 	 talks about 	 the temperature settings
the temperature settings display to confirm 	 talks about 	 confirm
the temperature settings 	 display to 	 confirm
sentence_list_23 	 talks about 	 With either refrigerator door opened, press and hold the Refrigerator and Ice Plus buttons at the same time for 5 seconds.
sentence_list_23 	 talks about 	 The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) is deactivated.
sentence_list_23 	 talks about 	 Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ).
sentence_list_24 	 talks about 	 Sabbath Mode is only available on some models.
Sabbath Mode is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 Sabbath Mode
Sabbath Mode is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 some models
Sabbath Mode is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 only available
Sabbath Mode 	 is only available on 	 some models
Sabbath Mode 	 is 	 only available
sentence_list_25 	 talks about 	 Sabbath Mode automatically turns off after 96 hours.
sentence_list_25 	 talks about 	 Once turned on, Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage.
sentence_list_25 	 talks about 	 Selecting Sabbath Mode automatically turns off the alarm functions.
sentence_list_25 	 talks about 	 The dispenser and InstaView are disabled in Sabbath Mode, on applicable models.
Once turned on, Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage. 	 talks about 	 turned on
Once turned on, Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage. 	 talks about 	 Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage
Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage 	 Succession 	 turned on
Sabbath Mode automatically turns off after 96 hours. 	 talks about 	 Sabbath Mode
Sabbath Mode automatically turns off after 96 hours. 	 talks about 	 96 hours
Sabbath Mode 	 automatically turns off after 	 96 hours
Selecting Sabbath Mode automatically turns off the alarm functions. 	 talks about 	 Selecting Sabbath Mode
Selecting Sabbath Mode automatically turns off the alarm functions. 	 talks about 	 the alarm functions
Selecting Sabbath Mode 	 automatically turns off 	 the alarm functions
The dispenser and InstaView are disabled in Sabbath Mode, on applicable models. 	 talks about 	 InstaView
The dispenser and InstaView are disabled in Sabbath Mode, on applicable models. 	 talks about 	 Sabbath Mode
The dispenser and InstaView are disabled in Sabbath Mode, on applicable models. 	 talks about 	 disabled
The dispenser and InstaView are disabled in Sabbath Mode, on applicable models. 	 talks about 	 The dispenser
InstaView 	 are disabled in 	 Sabbath Mode
InstaView 	 are 	 disabled
The dispenser 	 are disabled in 	 Sabbath Mode
The dispenser 	 are 	 disabled
Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage 	 talks about 	 Sabbath Mode
Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage 	 talks about 	 even after a power outage
Sabbath Mode 	 is maintained 	 even after a power outage
sentence_list_27 	 talks about 	 The dispenser will not operate when either of the refrigerator doors is open.
sentence_list_27 	 talks about 	 If discolored ice is dispensed, check the water filter and water supply.
sentence_list_27 	 talks about 	 If the problem continues, contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center.
sentence_list_27 	 talks about 	 Do not use the water or ice until the problem is corrected.
sentence_list_27 	 talks about 	 Dispense ice into a glass before filling a glass with water or other beverages.
sentence_list_27 	 talks about 	 Splashing may occur if ice is dispensed into a glass that already contains liquid.
sentence_list_27 	 talks about 	 Some dripping may occur after dispensing.
sentence_list_27 	 talks about 	 Hold the cup beneath the dispenser for a few seconds after dispensing to catch all of the drops.
sentence_list_27 	 talks about 	 Keep containers at an appropriate distance from the dispensers.
sentence_list_27 	 talks about 	 Tall, narrow glasses should be held far enough from the ice outlet to prevent ice from jamming in the ice chute.
sentence_list_27 	 talks about 	 A container with a very small opening should be held as close to the dispenser as possible to avoid spilling.
The dispenser will not operate when either of the refrigerator doors is open. 	 talks about 	 either of the refrigerator doors is open
The dispenser will not operate when either of the refrigerator doors is open. 	 talks about 	 The dispenser will not operate
The dispenser will not operate 	 Synchronous 	 either of the refrigerator doors is open
If discolored ice is dispensed, check the water filter and water supply. 	 talks about 	 discolored ice is dispensed
If discolored ice is dispensed, check the water filter and water supply. 	 talks about 	 check the water filter and water supply
check the water filter and water supply 	 Condition 	 discolored ice is dispensed
discolored ice is dispensed 	 Follows 	 check the water filter and water supply
If the problem continues, contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center. 	 talks about 	 the problem continues
If the problem continues, contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center. 	 talks about 	 contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center
contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center 	 Condition 	 the problem continues
the problem continues 	 Follows 	 contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center
Do not use the water or ice until the problem is corrected. 	 talks about 	 the problem is corrected
Do not use the water or ice until the problem is corrected. 	 talks about 	 Do not use the water or ice
Do not use the water or ice 	 Precedence 	 the problem is corrected
Splashing may occur if ice is dispensed into a glass that already contains liquid. 	 talks about 	 ice is dispensed into a glass that already contains liquid
Splashing may occur if ice is dispensed into a glass that already contains liquid. 	 talks about 	 Splashing may occur
Splashing may occur 	 Condition 	 ice is dispensed into a glass that already contains liquid
ice is dispensed into a glass that already contains liquid 	 Follows 	 Splashing may occur
Hold the cup beneath the dispenser for a few seconds after dispensing to catch all of the drops. 	 paraphrase 	 the cup should be held beneath the dispenser for a few seconds after dispensing to catch all of the drops
the cup should be held beneath the dispenser for a few seconds after dispensing to catch all of the drops 	 talks about 	 the cup
the cup should be held beneath the dispenser for a few seconds after dispensing to catch all of the drops 	 talks about 	 beneath the dispenser for a few seconds after dispensing to catch all of the drops
the cup 	 should be held 	 beneath the dispenser for a few seconds after dispensing to catch all of the drops
Keep containers at an appropriate distance from the dispensers. 	 paraphrase 	 containers should be kept at an appropriate distance from the dispensers
containers should be kept at an appropriate distance from the dispensers 	 talks about 	 containers
containers should be kept at an appropriate distance from the dispensers 	 talks about 	 at an appropriate distance from the dispensers
containers 	 should be kept 	 at an appropriate distance from the dispensers
check the water filter and water supply 	 paraphrase 	 the water filter and water supply should be checked 
contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center 	 paraphrase 	 an LG Electronics Customer Information Center should be contacted 
Do not use the water or ice 	 paraphrase 	 the water or ice should not be used 
ice is dispensed into a glass that already contains liquid 	 talks about 	 already contains liquid
ice is dispensed into a glass that already contains liquid 	 talks about 	 ice is dispensed into a glass
ice is dispensed into a glass 	 that 	 already contains liquid
Some dripping may occur after dispensing. 	 talks about 	 Some dripping
Some dripping may occur after dispensing. 	 talks about 	 dispensing
Some dripping 	 may occur after 	 dispensing
the cup should be held beneath the dispenser for a few seconds after dispensing to catch all of the drops 	 talks about 	 dispensing to catch all of the drops
the cup should be held beneath the dispenser for a few seconds after dispensing to catch all of the drops 	 talks about 	 a few seconds
the cup should be held beneath the dispenser for a few seconds after dispensing to catch all of the drops 	 talks about 	 the dispenser
the cup 	 should be held after 	 dispensing to catch all of the drops
the cup 	 should be held for 	 a few seconds
the cup 	 should be held beneath 	 the dispenser
containers should be kept at an appropriate distance from the dispensers 	 talks about 	 an appropriate distance from the dispensers
containers 	 should be kept at 	 an appropriate distance from the dispensers
Tall, narrow glasses should be held far enough from the ice outlet to prevent ice from jamming in the ice chute. 	 talks about 	 narrow glasses
Tall, narrow glasses should be held far enough from the ice outlet to prevent ice from jamming in the ice chute. 	 talks about 	 far enough from the ice outlet
Tall, narrow glasses should be held far enough from the ice outlet to prevent ice from jamming in the ice chute. 	 talks about 	 prevent ice from jamming in the ice chute
narrow glasses 	 should be held 	 far enough from the ice outlet
narrow glasses 	 should be held to 	 prevent ice from jamming in the ice chute
A container with a very small opening should be held as close to the dispenser as possible to avoid spilling. 	 talks about 	 A container with a very small opening
A container with a very small opening should be held as close to the dispenser as possible to avoid spilling. 	 talks about 	 avoid spilling
A container with a very small opening 	 should be held to 	 avoid spilling
either of the refrigerator doors is open 	 talks about 	 either of the refrigerator doors
either of the refrigerator doors is open 	 talks about 	 open
either of the refrigerator doors 	 is 	 open
an LG Electronics Customer Information Center should be contacted 	 talks about 	 Information Center
an LG Electronics Customer Information Center should be contacted 	 talks about 	 LG
Information Center 	 [is] Electronics Customer [of] 	 LG
ice is dispensed into a glass 	 talks about 	 ice
ice is dispensed into a glass 	 talks about 	 a glass
ice 	 is dispensed into 	 a glass
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 Keep children away from the dispenser.
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 Children may play with or damage the controls.
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 Throw away the first bin full of ice ( about 140-160 cubes ) after installation.
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 The first ice and water dispensed may include particles or odor from the water supply line or the water tank.
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 This is also necessary if the refrigerator has not been used for a long time.
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 Dispense and throw away 2.5 gallons of water ( flush for approximately 5 minutes ) after installation.
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 Do not dispense 2.5 gallons of water continuously.
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 Press and release the dispenser pad for cycles of 30 seconds ON and 60 seconds OFF.
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 If ice or water dispenses unexpectedly, turn off the water supply and contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center.
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 Never use a glass that is exceptionally narrow or deep.
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 Ice may jam in the ice passage and refrigerator performance may be affected.
sentence_list_28 	 talks about 	 When dispensing ice from the dispenser, do not use a fragile container.
Keep children away from the dispenser. 	 paraphrase 	 children should be kept away from the dispenser
children should be kept away from the dispenser 	 talks about 	 children
children should be kept away from the dispenser 	 talks about 	 away from the dispenser
children 	 should be kept 	 away from the dispenser
Throw away the first bin full of ice ( about 140-160 cubes ) after installation. 	 paraphrase 	 the first bin full of ice about 140-160 cubes after installation should be thrown away
the first bin full of ice about 140-160 cubes after installation should be thrown away 	 talks about 	 the first bin full of ice about 140-160 cubes after installation
the first bin full of ice about 140-160 cubes after installation should be thrown away 	 talks about 	 away
the first bin full of ice about 140-160 cubes after installation 	 should be thrown 	 away
This is also necessary if the refrigerator has not been used for a long time. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator has not been used for a long time
This is also necessary if the refrigerator has not been used for a long time. 	 talks about 	 This is also necessary
This is also necessary 	 Condition 	 the refrigerator has not been used for a long time
the refrigerator has not been used for a long time 	 Follows 	 This is also necessary
Do not dispense 2.5 gallons of water continuously. 	 paraphrase 	 2.5 gallons of water should not be dispensed continuously
2.5 gallons of water should not be dispensed continuously 	 talks about 	 2.5 gallons of water
2.5 gallons of water should not be dispensed continuously 	 talks about 	 continuously
2.5 gallons of water 	 should not be dispensed 	 continuously
If ice or water dispenses unexpectedly, turn off the water supply and contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center. 	 talks about 	 ice or water dispenses unexpectedly
If ice or water dispenses unexpectedly, turn off the water supply and contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center. 	 talks about 	 turn off the water supply and contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center
turn off the water supply and contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center 	 Condition 	 ice or water dispenses unexpectedly
ice or water dispenses unexpectedly 	 Follows 	 turn off the water supply and contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center
Never use a glass that is exceptionally narrow or deep. 	 talks about 	 is exceptionally narrow or deep
Never use a glass that is exceptionally narrow or deep. 	 talks about 	 Never use a glass
Never use a glass 	 that 	 is exceptionally narrow or deep
When dispensing ice from the dispenser, do not use a fragile container. 	 talks about 	 dispensing ice from the dispenser
When dispensing ice from the dispenser, do not use a fragile container. 	 talks about 	 do not use a fragile container
do not use a fragile container 	 Synchronous 	 dispensing ice from the dispenser
Never use a glass 	 paraphrase 	 a glass should not be used 
do not use a fragile container 	 paraphrase 	 a fragile container should not be used 
Children may play with or damage the controls. 	 talks about 	 Children
Children may play with or damage the controls. 	 talks about 	 the controls
Children 	 damage 	 the controls
The first ice and water dispensed may include particles or odor from the water supply line or the water tank. 	 talks about 	 The first ice and water dispensed
The first ice and water dispensed may include particles or odor from the water supply line or the water tank. 	 talks about 	 particles or odor from the water supply line or the water tank
The first ice and water dispensed 	 may include 	 particles or odor from the water supply line or the water tank
Ice may jam in the ice passage and refrigerator performance may be affected. 	 talks about 	 Ice
Ice may jam in the ice passage and refrigerator performance may be affected. 	 talks about 	 may be affected
Ice may jam in the ice passage and refrigerator performance may be affected. 	 talks about 	 the ice passage
Ice may jam in the ice passage and refrigerator performance may be affected. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator performance
Ice 	 may jam 	 may be affected
Ice 	 may jam in 	 the ice passage
Ice 	 may jam in the ice passage 	 may be affected
Ice 	 may jam may be affected in 	 the refrigerator performance
the refrigerator has not been used for a long time 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator has not been used for a long time 	 talks about 	 a long time
the refrigerator 	 has not been used for 	 a long time
This is also necessary 	 talks about 	 necessary
This is also necessary 	 talks about 	 also
turn off the water supply and contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center 	 talks about 	 Information Center
turn off the water supply and contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center 	 talks about 	 LG
sentence_list_29 	 talks about 	 Press the button for the desired dispenser mode on the dispenser control panel.
sentence_list_29 	 talks about 	 The LED lights up when the desired dispenser mode is selected.
sentence_list_29 	 talks about 	 Press the dispenser paddle a with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice.
Press the button for the desired dispenser mode on the dispenser control panel. 	 paraphrase 	 the button should be pressed for the desired dispenser mode on the dispenser control panel
the button should be pressed for the desired dispenser mode on the dispenser control panel 	 talks about 	 the button
the button should be pressed for the desired dispenser mode on the dispenser control panel 	 talks about 	 for the desired dispenser mode on the dispenser control panel
the button 	 should be pressed 	 for the desired dispenser mode on the dispenser control panel
The LED lights up when the desired dispenser mode is selected. 	 talks about 	 the desired dispenser mode is selected
The LED lights up when the desired dispenser mode is selected. 	 talks about 	 The LED lights up
The LED lights up 	 Synchronous 	 the desired dispenser mode is selected
Press the dispenser paddle a with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice. 	 paraphrase 	 the dispenser should be pressed paddle with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice
the dispenser should be pressed paddle with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice 	 talks about 	 the dispenser
the dispenser should be pressed paddle with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice 	 talks about 	 paddle with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice
the dispenser 	 should be pressed 	 paddle with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice
the button should be pressed for the desired dispenser mode on the dispenser control panel 	 talks about 	 the desired dispenser mode on the dispenser control panel
the button 	 should be pressed for 	 the desired dispenser mode on the dispenser control panel
sentence_list_30 	 talks about 	 Press and hold the Lock button for three seconds to lock Ice and Water Dispenser and all the control panel functions.
sentence_list_30 	 talks about 	 Follow the same instructions to unlock.
Follow the same instructions to unlock. 	 paraphrase 	 the same instructions to unlock should be followed 
sentence_list_31 	 talks about 	 Wipe the water outlet a or ice outlet b frequently with a clean, lint free cloth as the water outlet a or ice outlet b may get dirty easily.
sentence_list_31 	 talks about 	 Lint from a cloth may adhere to Ice and Water Outlet.
Wipe the water outlet a or ice outlet b frequently with a clean, lint free cloth as the water outlet a or ice outlet b may get dirty easily. 	 talks about 	 as the water outlet a or ice outlet b may get dirty easily
Wipe the water outlet a or ice outlet b frequently with a clean, lint free cloth as the water outlet a or ice outlet b may get dirty easily. 	 talks about 	 Wipe the water outlet a or ice outlet b frequently with a clean, lint free cloth
Wipe the water outlet a or ice outlet b frequently with a clean , lint free cloth 	 paraphrase 	 the water outlet a or ice outlet b should be wiped frequently with a clean, lint free cloth
the water outlet a or ice outlet b should be wiped frequently with a clean, lint free cloth 	 talks about 	 the water outlet a or ice outlet b
the water outlet a or ice outlet b should be wiped frequently with a clean, lint free cloth 	 talks about 	 frequently with a clean, lint free cloth
the water outlet a or ice outlet b 	 should be wiped 	 frequently with a clean, lint free cloth
Lint from a cloth may adhere to Ice and Water Outlet. 	 talks about 	 Lint from a cloth
Lint from a cloth may adhere to Ice and Water Outlet. 	 talks about 	 Water Outlet
Lint from a cloth may adhere to Ice and Water Outlet. 	 talks about 	 Ice
Lint from a cloth 	 may adhere to 	 Water Outlet
Lint from a cloth 	 may adhere to 	 Ice
as the water outlet a or ice outlet b may get dirty easily 	 talks about 	 ice outlet b
as the water outlet a or ice outlet b may get dirty easily 	 talks about 	 dirty
ice outlet b 	 may get easily 	 dirty
the water outlet a or ice outlet b should be wiped frequently with a clean, lint free cloth 	 talks about 	 ice outlet b
the water outlet a or ice outlet b should be wiped frequently with a clean, lint free cloth 	 talks about 	 a clean, lint free cloth
the water outlet a or ice outlet b should be wiped frequently with a clean, lint free cloth 	 talks about 	 frequently
ice outlet b 	 should be wiped with 	 a clean, lint free cloth
ice outlet b 	 should be wiped with a clean , lint free cloth 	 frequently
sentence_list_32 	 talks about 	 Wipe the entire area with a damp cloth.
sentence_list_32 	 talks about 	 The dispenser tray may become wet easily due to spilled ice or water.
Wipe the entire area with a damp cloth. 	 paraphrase 	 the entire area should be wiped with a damp cloth
the entire area should be wiped with a damp cloth 	 talks about 	 the entire area
the entire area should be wiped with a damp cloth 	 talks about 	 with a damp cloth
the entire area 	 should be wiped 	 with a damp cloth
the entire area should be wiped with a damp cloth 	 talks about 	 a damp cloth
the entire area 	 should be wiped with 	 a damp cloth
The dispenser tray may become wet easily due to spilled ice or water. 	 talks about 	 The dispenser tray
The dispenser tray may become wet easily due to spilled ice or water. 	 talks about 	 wet easily due to spilled ice or water
The dispenser tray 	 may become 	 wet easily due to spilled ice or water
sentence_list_33 	 talks about 	 Keep the ice compartment door closed tightly.
sentence_list_33 	 talks about 	 If the ice compartment door is not closed tightly, the cold air in the ice bin will freeze food in the refrigerator compartment.
sentence_list_33 	 talks about 	 This could also cause the icemaker to stop producing ice.
Keep the ice compartment door closed tightly. 	 paraphrase 	 the ice compartment door should be kept closed tightly
the ice compartment door should be kept closed tightly 	 talks about 	 the ice compartment door
the ice compartment door should be kept closed tightly 	 talks about 	 closed tightly
the ice compartment door 	 should be kept 	 closed tightly
If the ice compartment door is not closed tightly, the cold air in the ice bin will freeze food in the refrigerator compartment. 	 talks about 	 the ice compartment door is not closed tightly
If the ice compartment door is not closed tightly, the cold air in the ice bin will freeze food in the refrigerator compartment. 	 talks about 	 the cold air in the ice bin will freeze food in the refrigerator compartment
the cold air in the ice bin will freeze food in the refrigerator compartment 	 Condition 	 the ice compartment door is not closed tightly
the ice compartment door is not closed tightly 	 Follows 	 the cold air in the ice bin will freeze food in the refrigerator compartment
This could also cause the icemaker to stop producing ice. 	 talks about 	 the icemaker to stop producing ice
the cold air in the ice bin will freeze food in the refrigerator compartment 	 talks about 	 the cold air in the ice bin
the cold air in the ice bin will freeze food in the refrigerator compartment 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator compartment
the cold air in the ice bin will freeze food in the refrigerator compartment 	 talks about 	 food
the cold air in the ice bin 	 will freeze food in 	 the refrigerator compartment
the cold air in the ice bin 	 will freeze 	 food
sentence_list_34 	 talks about 	 Keep hands and tools out of the Ice Compartment door and dispenser chute.
sentence_list_34 	 talks about 	 Failure to do so may result in damage or personal injury.
Keep hands and tools out of the Ice Compartment door and dispenser chute. 	 paraphrase 	 hands and tools should be kept out of the Ice Compartment door and dispenser chute
hands and tools should be kept out of the Ice Compartment door and dispenser chute 	 talks about 	 hands and tools
hands and tools should be kept out of the Ice Compartment door and dispenser chute 	 talks about 	 out of the Ice Compartment door and dispenser chute
hands and tools 	 should be kept 	 out of the Ice Compartment door and dispenser chute
hands and tools should be kept out of the Ice Compartment door and dispenser chute 	 talks about 	 tools
hands and tools should be kept out of the Ice Compartment door and dispenser chute 	 talks about 	 of the Ice Compartment door chute
hands and tools should be kept out of the Ice Compartment door and dispenser chute 	 talks about 	 of the dispenser chute
hands and tools should be kept out of the Ice Compartment door and dispenser chute 	 talks about 	 hands
tools 	 should be kept out 	 of the Ice Compartment door chute
tools 	 should be kept out 	 of the dispenser chute
hands 	 should be kept out 	 of the dispenser chute
hands 	 should be kept out 	 of the Ice Compartment door chute
Failure to do so may result in damage or personal injury. 	 talks about 	 Failure to do so
Failure to do so may result in damage or personal injury. 	 talks about 	 damage or personal injury
Failure to do so 	 may result in 	 damage or personal injury
sentence_list_35 	 talks about 	 The icemaker stops producing ice when In-Door Ice Bin is full.
sentence_list_35 	 talks about 	 To make room for additional ice, empty In-Door Ice Bin into the extra ice bin in the freezer compartment.
To make room for additional ice, empty In-Door Ice Bin into the extra ice bin in the freezer compartment. 	 talks about 	 Door Ice Bin
To make room for additional ice, empty In-Door Ice Bin into the extra ice bin in the freezer compartment. 	 talks about 	 for empty In-into the extra ice bin in the freezer compartment
Door Ice Bin 	 should be made by 	 for empty In-into the extra ice bin in the freezer compartment
sentence_list_35 	 talks about 	 During use, the ice may stack unevenly in In-Door Ice Bin, causing The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes and stop producing ice.
sentence_list_35 	 talks about 	 Shaking In-Door Ice Bin to level the ice within In-Door Ice Bin can reduce this problem.
sentence_list_35 	 talks about 	 If The icemaker is turned OFF for an extended period of time, the ice compartment will gradually warm up to the temperature of the refrigerator compartment.
sentence_list_35 	 talks about 	 To prevent ice cubes from melting and leaking from the dispenser, ALWAYS empty In-Door Ice Bin when The icemaker is turned OFF for more than a few hours.
To prevent ice cubes from melting and leaking from the dispenser, ALWAYS empty In-Door Ice Bin when The icemaker is turned OFF for more than a few hours. 	 talks about 	 Door Ice Bin
To prevent ice cubes from melting and leaking from the dispenser, ALWAYS empty In-Door Ice Bin when The icemaker is turned OFF for more than a few hours. 	 talks about 	 from melting and leaking from the dispenser ALWAYS empty In-when The icemaker is turned OFF for more than a few hours
Door Ice Bin 	 should be prevented by 	 from melting and leaking from the dispenser ALWAYS empty In-when The icemaker is turned OFF for more than a few hours
sentence_list_35 	 talks about 	 The ice passage may become blocked with frost if only crushed ice is used.
sentence_list_35 	 talks about 	 Remove frost by removing In-Door Ice Bin and clearing The ice passage with a rubber spatula.
sentence_list_35 	 talks about 	 Dispensing cubed ice can also help prevent frost buildup.
The icemaker stops producing ice when In-Door Ice Bin is full. 	 talks about 	 In-Door Ice Bin is full
The icemaker stops producing ice when In-Door Ice Bin is full. 	 talks about 	 The icemaker stops producing ice
The icemaker stops producing ice 	 Synchronous 	 In-Door Ice Bin is full
If The icemaker is turned OFF for an extended period of time, the ice compartment will gradually warm up to the temperature of the refrigerator compartment. 	 talks about 	 The icemaker is turned OFF for an extended period of time
If The icemaker is turned OFF for an extended period of time, the ice compartment will gradually warm up to the temperature of the refrigerator compartment. 	 talks about 	 the ice compartment will gradually warm up to the temperature of the refrigerator compartment
the ice compartment will gradually warm up to the temperature of the refrigerator compartment 	 Condition 	 The icemaker is turned OFF for an extended period of time
The icemaker is turned OFF for an extended period of time 	 Follows 	 the ice compartment will gradually warm up to the temperature of the refrigerator compartment
The ice passage may become blocked with frost if only crushed ice is used. 	 talks about 	 only crushed ice is used
The ice passage may become blocked with frost if only crushed ice is used. 	 talks about 	 The ice passage may become blocked with frost
The ice passage may become blocked with frost 	 Condition 	 only crushed ice is used
only crushed ice is used 	 Follows 	 The ice passage may become blocked with frost
Remove frost by removing In-Door Ice Bin and clearing The ice passage with a rubber spatula. 	 paraphrase 	 frost should be removed by removing In-Door Ice Bin and clearing The ice passage with a rubber spatula
frost should be removed by removing In-Door Ice Bin and clearing The ice passage with a rubber spatula 	 talks about 	 frost
frost should be removed by removing In-Door Ice Bin and clearing The ice passage with a rubber spatula 	 talks about 	 by removing In-Door Ice Bin and clearing The ice passage with a rubber spatula
frost 	 should be removed 	 by removing In-Door Ice Bin and clearing The ice passage with a rubber spatula
During use, the ice may stack unevenly in In-Door Ice Bin, causing The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes and stop producing ice. 	 talks about 	 the ice
During use, the ice may stack unevenly in In-Door Ice Bin, causing The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes and stop producing ice. 	 talks about 	 causing The icemaker to stop producing ice
During use, the ice may stack unevenly in In-Door Ice Bin, causing The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes and stop producing ice. 	 talks about 	 causing The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes
During use, the ice may stack unevenly in In-Door Ice Bin, causing The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes and stop producing ice. 	 talks about 	 use
During use, the ice may stack unevenly in In-Door Ice Bin, causing The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes and stop producing ice. 	 talks about 	 The icemaker to stop producing ice
During use, the ice may stack unevenly in In-Door Ice Bin, causing The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes and stop producing ice. 	 talks about 	 In-Door Ice Bin
During use, the ice may stack unevenly in In-Door Ice Bin, causing The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes and stop producing ice. 	 talks about 	 The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes
the ice 	 may stack unevenly 	 causing The icemaker to stop producing ice
the ice 	 may stack unevenly 	 causing The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes
the ice 	 may stack unevenly During 	 use
the ice 	 causing 	 The icemaker to stop producing ice
the ice 	 may stack unevenly in 	 In-Door Ice Bin
the ice 	 causing 	 The icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes
Shaking In-Door Ice Bin to level the ice within In-Door Ice Bin can reduce this problem. 	 talks about 	 Shaking In-Door Ice Bin
Shaking In-Door Ice Bin to level the ice within In-Door Ice Bin can reduce this problem. 	 talks about 	 this problem
Shaking In-Door Ice Bin to level the ice within In-Door Ice Bin can reduce this problem. 	 talks about 	 In-Door Ice Bin
Shaking In-Door Ice Bin to level the ice within In-Door Ice Bin can reduce this problem. 	 talks about 	 the ice within In-Door Ice Bin
Shaking In-Door Ice Bin 	 can reduce 	 this problem
In-Door Ice Bin 	 to level 	 the ice within In-Door Ice Bin
frost should be removed by removing In-Door Ice Bin and clearing The ice passage with a rubber spatula 	 talks about 	 removing In-Door Ice Bin
frost 	 should be removed by 	 removing In-Door Ice Bin
Dispensing cubed ice can also help prevent frost buildup. 	 talks about 	 Dispensing cubed ice
Dispensing cubed ice can also help prevent frost buildup. 	 talks about 	 prevent frost buildup
Dispensing cubed ice 	 can help 	 prevent frost buildup
In-Door Ice Bin is full 	 talks about 	 In-Door Ice Bin
In-Door Ice Bin is full 	 talks about 	 full
In-Door Ice Bin 	 is 	 full
The icemaker stops producing ice 	 talks about 	 The icemaker
The icemaker stops producing ice 	 talks about 	 producing ice
The icemaker 	 stops 	 producing ice
The icemaker is turned OFF for an extended period of time 	 talks about 	 The icemaker
The icemaker is turned OFF for an extended period of time 	 talks about 	 an extended period of time
The icemaker 	 is turned OFF for 	 an extended period of time
the ice compartment will gradually warm up to the temperature of the refrigerator compartment 	 talks about 	 the ice compartment
the ice compartment will gradually warm up to the temperature of the refrigerator compartment 	 talks about 	 the temperature of the refrigerator compartment
the ice compartment 	 will gradually warm up to 	 the temperature of the refrigerator compartment
The ice passage may become blocked with frost 	 talks about 	 The ice passage
The ice passage may become blocked with frost 	 talks about 	 blocked with frost
The ice passage may become blocked with frost 	 talks about 	 frost
The ice passage 	 may become 	 blocked with frost
The ice passage 	 blocked with 	 frost
sentence_list_36 	 talks about 	 When handling In-Door Ice Bin, keep hands away from the icemaker tray area to avoid personal injury.
sentence_list_36 	 talks about 	 Storing cans or other items in In-Door Ice Bin will damage the icemaker.
sentence_list_36 	 talks about 	 Never use thin crystal glasses or containers to collect ice.
sentence_list_36 	 talks about 	 Such containers may chip or break resulting in glass fragments in the ice.
When handling In-Door Ice Bin, keep hands away from the icemaker tray area to avoid personal injury. 	 talks about 	 handling In-Door Ice Bin
When handling In-Door Ice Bin, keep hands away from the icemaker tray area to avoid personal injury. 	 talks about 	 keep hands away from the icemaker tray area to avoid personal injury
keep hands away from the icemaker tray area to avoid personal injury 	 Synchronous 	 handling In-Door Ice Bin
Never use thin crystal glasses or containers to collect ice. 	 paraphrase 	 thin crystal glasses or containers should not be used to collect ice
thin crystal glasses or containers should not be used to collect ice 	 talks about 	 thin crystal glasses or containers
thin crystal glasses or containers should not be used to collect ice 	 talks about 	 to collect ice
thin crystal glasses or containers 	 should not be used 	 to collect ice
Storing cans or other items in In-Door Ice Bin will damage the icemaker. 	 talks about 	 Storing cans or other items in In-Door Ice Bin
Storing cans or other items in In-Door Ice Bin will damage the icemaker. 	 talks about 	 the icemaker
Storing cans or other items in In-Door Ice Bin 	 will damage 	 the icemaker
Such containers may chip or break resulting in glass fragments in the ice. 	 talks about 	 Such containers
Such containers may chip or break resulting in glass fragments in the ice. 	 talks about 	 resulting in glass fragments in the ice
Such containers 	 break 	 resulting in glass fragments in the ice
sentence_list_37 	 talks about 	 Only qualified service personnel from an LG Electronics service center should disassemble or repair In-Door Ice Bin.
Only qualified service personnel from an LG Electronics service center should disassemble or repair In-Door Ice Bin. 	 talks about 	 Only qualified service personnel from an LG Electronics service center
Only qualified service personnel from an LG Electronics service center should disassemble or repair In-Door Ice Bin. 	 talks about 	 In-Door Ice Bin
Only qualified service personnel from an LG Electronics service center 	 repair 	 In-Door Ice Bin
sentence_list_38 	 talks about 	 Gently pull the handle to open the ice compartment.
sentence_list_38 	 talks about 	 To remove In-Door Ice Bin, grip the front handle, slightly lift the bottom, and slowly pull out In-Door Ice Bin as shown.
To remove In-Door Ice Bin, grip the front handle, slightly lift the bottom, and slowly pull out In-Door Ice Bin as shown. 	 talks about 	 Door Ice Bin
To remove In-Door Ice Bin, grip the front handle, slightly lift the bottom, and slowly pull out In-Door Ice Bin as shown. 	 talks about 	 -grip the front handle slightly lift the bottom and slowly pull out In-Door Ice Bin as shown
Door Ice Bin 	 should be removed by 	 -grip the front handle slightly lift the bottom and slowly pull out In-Door Ice Bin as shown
Gently pull the handle to open the ice compartment. 	 paraphrase 	 the handle should be pulled to open the ice compartment
the handle should be pulled to open the ice compartment 	 talks about 	 the handle
the handle should be pulled to open the ice compartment 	 talks about 	 to open the ice compartment
the handle 	 should be pulled 	 to open the ice compartment
the handle should be pulled to open the ice compartment 	 talks about 	 open the ice compartment
the handle 	 should be pulled to 	 open the ice compartment
sentence_list_39 	 talks about 	 When handling In-Door Ice Bin, keep hands away from the icemaker tray area to avoid personal injury.
sentence_list_39 	 talks about 	 Avoid touching the auto shutoff ( feeler arm ) when replacing In-Door Ice Bin.
sentence_list_39 	 talks about 	 See the label on the ice compartment door for details.
Avoid touching the auto shutoff ( feeler arm ) when replacing In-Door Ice Bin. 	 talks about 	 replacing In-Door Ice Bin
Avoid touching the auto shutoff ( feeler arm ) when replacing In-Door Ice Bin. 	 talks about 	 Avoid touching the auto shutoff feeler arm
Avoid touching the auto shutoff feeler arm 	 Synchronous 	 replacing In-Door Ice Bin
See the label on the ice compartment door for details. 	 paraphrase 	 the label should be seen on the ice compartment door for details
the label should be seen on the ice compartment door for details 	 talks about 	 the label
the label should be seen on the ice compartment door for details 	 talks about 	 on the ice compartment door for details
the label 	 should be seen 	 on the ice compartment door for details
the label should be seen on the ice compartment door for details 	 talks about 	 the ice compartment door
the label 	 should be seen on 	 the ice compartment door
sentence_list_40 	 talks about 	 Carefully insert In-Door Ice Bin, slanting the top slightly to fit In-Door Ice Bin under the icemaker.
sentence_list_40 	 talks about 	 Gently push the handle to close the ice compartment.
Gently push the handle to close the ice compartment. 	 paraphrase 	 the handle should be pushed to close the ice compartment
the handle should be pushed to close the ice compartment 	 talks about 	 the handle
the handle should be pushed to close the ice compartment 	 talks about 	 to close the ice compartment
the handle 	 should be pushed 	 to close the ice compartment
Carefully insert In-Door Ice Bin, slanting the top slightly to fit In-Door Ice Bin under the icemaker. 	 talks about 	 Carefully insert In-Door Ice Bin
Carefully insert In-Door Ice Bin, slanting the top slightly to fit In-Door Ice Bin under the icemaker. 	 talks about 	 the icemaker
Carefully insert In-Door Ice Bin 	 to fit under 	 the icemaker
the handle should be pushed to close the ice compartment 	 talks about 	 close the ice compartment
the handle 	 should be pushed to 	 close the ice compartment
sentence_list_41 	 talks about 	 DO NOT place fingers in Automatic Icemaker when the refrigerator is plugged in.
sentence_list_41 	 talks about 	 Avoid contact with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater that releases the ice cubes.
DO NOT place fingers in Automatic Icemaker when the refrigerator is plugged in. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator is plugged in
DO NOT place fingers in Automatic Icemaker when the refrigerator is plugged in. 	 talks about 	 DO NOT place fingers in Automatic Icemaker
DO NOT place fingers in Automatic Icemaker 	 Synchronous 	 the refrigerator is plugged in
Avoid contact with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater that releases the ice cubes. 	 talks about 	 releases the ice cubes
Avoid contact with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater that releases the ice cubes. 	 talks about 	 Avoid contact with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater
Avoid contact with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater 	 that 	 releases the ice cubes
DO NOT place fingers in Automatic Icemaker 	 paraphrase 	 fingers should not be placed in Automatic Icemaker
fingers should not be placed in Automatic Icemaker 	 talks about 	 fingers
fingers should not be placed in Automatic Icemaker 	 talks about 	 in Automatic Icemaker
fingers 	 should not be placed 	 in Automatic Icemaker
Avoid contact with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater 	 paraphrase 	 contact should be avoided with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater
contact should be avoided with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater 	 talks about 	 contact
contact should be avoided with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater 	 talks about 	 with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater
contact 	 should be avoided 	 with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater
fingers should not be placed in Automatic Icemaker 	 talks about 	 Automatic Icemaker
fingers 	 should not be placed in 	 Automatic Icemaker
sentence_list_42 	 talks about 	 In-Door Icemaker Power Switch Ice-detecting Sensor Auto Shutoff ( feeler arm )
In-Door Icemaker Power Switch Ice-detecting Sensor Auto Shutoff ( feeler arm ) 	 talks about 	 Switch Ice
In-Door Icemaker Power Switch Ice-detecting Sensor Auto Shutoff ( feeler arm ) 	 talks about 	 Icemaker
Switch Ice 	 [is] In-Door Power [of] 	 Icemaker
sentence_list_43 	 talks about 	 Ice is made in the automatic in-door icemaker and sent to the dispenser.
sentence_list_43 	 talks about 	 the automatic in-door icemaker produces 70-182 cubes in a 24-hour period, depending on freezer compartment temperature, room temperature, number of door openings and other operating conditions.
sentence_list_43 	 talks about 	 a newly installed refrigerator to begin making ice takes about 12 to 24 hours .
sentence_list_43 	 talks about 	 Ice-making stops when the in-door ice bin is full.
sentence_list_43 	 talks about 	 When full, the in-door ice bin holds approximately 6 to 8 ( 12-16 oz. )
sentence_list_43 	 talks about 	 glasses of ice.
sentence_list_43 	 talks about 	 Foreign substances or frost on the ice-detecting sensor can interrupt ice production.
sentence_list_43 	 talks about 	 Make sure the sensor area is clean at all times for proper operation.
sentence_list_43 	 talks about 	 To increase ice production, use the Ice Plus function.
To increase ice production, use the Ice Plus function. 	 talks about 	 ice production
To increase ice production, use the Ice Plus function. 	 talks about 	 use the Ice Plus function
ice production 	 should be increased by 	 use the Ice Plus function
sentence_list_43 	 talks about 	 the Ice Plus function increases both ice making and freezing capabilities.
Ice-making stops when the in-door ice bin is full. 	 talks about 	 the in-door ice bin is full
Ice-making stops when the in-door ice bin is full. 	 talks about 	 Ice-making stops
Ice-making stops 	 Synchronous 	 the in-door ice bin is full
When full, the in-door ice bin holds approximately 6 to 8 ( 12-16 oz. ) 	 talks about 	 full
When full, the in-door ice bin holds approximately 6 to 8 ( 12-16 oz. ) 	 talks about 	 the in-door ice bin holds approximately 6 to 8 12-16 oz
the in-door ice bin holds approximately 6 to 8 12-16 oz 	 Synchronous 	 full
Make sure the sensor area is clean at all times for proper operation. 	 talks about 	 the sensor area is clean at all times for proper operation
Make sure the sensor area is clean at all times for proper operation. 	 talks about 	 Make sure
Ice is made in the automatic in-door icemaker and sent to the dispenser. 	 talks about 	 Ice
Ice is made in the automatic in-door icemaker and sent to the dispenser. 	 talks about 	 the dispenser
Ice is made in the automatic in-door icemaker and sent to the dispenser. 	 talks about 	 the automatic in-door icemaker
Ice 	 is sent to 	 the dispenser
Ice 	 is made in 	 the automatic in-door icemaker
the automatic in-door icemaker produces 70-182 cubes in a 24-hour period, depending on freezer compartment temperature, room temperature, number of door openings and other operating conditions. 	 talks about 	 the automatic in-door icemaker
the automatic in-door icemaker produces 70-182 cubes in a 24-hour period, depending on freezer compartment temperature, room temperature, number of door openings and other operating conditions. 	 talks about 	 a 24-hour period
the automatic in-door icemaker produces 70-182 cubes in a 24-hour period, depending on freezer compartment temperature, room temperature, number of door openings and other operating conditions. 	 talks about 	 depending on freezer compartment temperature, room temperature, number of door openings
the automatic in-door icemaker produces 70-182 cubes in a 24-hour period, depending on freezer compartment temperature, room temperature, number of door openings and other operating conditions. 	 talks about 	 depending on freezer compartment temperature, room temperature, number of other operating conditions
the automatic in-door icemaker produces 70-182 cubes in a 24-hour period, depending on freezer compartment temperature, room temperature, number of door openings and other operating conditions. 	 talks about 	 70-182 cubes
the automatic in-door icemaker 	 produces 70-182 cubes in 	 a 24-hour period
the automatic in-door icemaker 	 produces 70-182 cubes 	 depending on freezer compartment temperature, room temperature, number of door openings
the automatic in-door icemaker 	 produces 70-182 cubes 	 depending on freezer compartment temperature, room temperature, number of other operating conditions
the automatic in-door icemaker 	 produces 	 70-182 cubes
a newly installed refrigerator to begin making ice takes about 12 to 24 hours . 	 talks about 	 a newly installed refrigerator to begin making ice
a newly installed refrigerator to begin making ice takes about 12 to 24 hours . 	 talks about 	 about 12 to 24 hours
a newly installed refrigerator to begin making ice takes about 12 to 24 hours . 	 talks about 	 a newly installed refrigerator begin
a newly installed refrigerator to begin making ice 	 takes 	 about 12 to 24 hours
a newly installed refrigerator begin 	 takes 	 about 12 to 24 hours
Foreign substances or frost on the ice-detecting sensor can interrupt ice production. 	 talks about 	 Foreign substances or frost on the ice-detecting sensor
Foreign substances or frost on the ice-detecting sensor can interrupt ice production. 	 talks about 	 ice production
Foreign substances or frost on the ice-detecting sensor 	 can interrupt 	 ice production
the Ice Plus function increases both ice making and freezing capabilities. 	 talks about 	 the Ice
the Ice Plus function increases both ice making and freezing capabilities. 	 talks about 	 both ice making
the Ice Plus function increases both ice making and freezing capabilities. 	 talks about 	 function
the Ice Plus function increases both ice making and freezing capabilities. 	 talks about 	 both ice freezing capabilities
the Ice 	 increases 	 both ice making
function 	 increases 	 both ice making
function 	 increases 	 both ice freezing capabilities
the Ice 	 increases 	 both ice freezing capabilities
the in-door ice bin is full 	 talks about 	 the in-door ice bin
the in-door ice bin is full 	 talks about 	 full
the in-door ice bin 	 is 	 full
the in-door ice bin holds approximately 6 to 8 12-16 oz 	 talks about 	 bin
the in-door ice bin holds approximately 6 to 8 12-16 oz 	 talks about 	 the in-door ice
the in-door ice bin holds approximately 6 to 8 12-16 oz 	 talks about 	 approximately 6 to 8 12-16 oz
bin 	 holds approximately 6 to 8 12-16 oz 	 the in-door ice
bin 	 holds 	 approximately 6 to 8 12-16 oz
the sensor area is clean at all times for proper operation 	 talks about 	 the sensor area
the sensor area is clean at all times for proper operation 	 talks about 	 all times for proper operation
the sensor area is clean at all times for proper operation 	 talks about 	 clean
the sensor area 	 is clean at 	 all times for proper operation
the sensor area 	 is 	 clean
sentence_list_44 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker is only available on some models.
sentence_list_44 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker may vary depending on model purchased.
sentence_list_44 	 talks about 	 Throw away the first bin full of ice ( about 140-160 cubes ) after installation.
sentence_list_44 	 talks about 	 Throw is also necessary if the refrigerator has not been used for a long time.
sentence_list_44 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker begins producing ice approximately 48 hours after the appliance is initially installed.
sentence_list_44 	 talks about 	 The sound of ice dropping into the ice bin is normal.
sentence_list_44 	 talks about 	 If the ice bin is completely filled with ice, ice production will stop.
sentence_list_44 	 talks about 	 The amount and shape of ice may vary according to the environment ( ambient temperature around the appliance, frequency of the door being opened, amount of food stored in the appliance, water pressure, etc.
sentence_list_44 	 talks about 	 ).
sentence_list_44 	 talks about 	 In the event of a power outage, throw away the ice stored in the ice bin.
Throw is also necessary if the refrigerator has not been used for a long time. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator has not been used for a long time
Throw is also necessary if the refrigerator has not been used for a long time. 	 talks about 	 Throw is also necessary
Throw is also necessary 	 Condition 	 the refrigerator has not been used for a long time
the refrigerator has not been used for a long time 	 Follows 	 Throw is also necessary
Freezer Icemaker begins producing ice approximately 48 hours after the appliance is initially installed. 	 talks about 	 approximately 48 hours after the appliance is initially installed
Freezer Icemaker begins producing ice approximately 48 hours after the appliance is initially installed. 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker begins producing ice
If the ice bin is completely filled with ice, ice production will stop. 	 talks about 	 the ice bin is completely filled with ice
If the ice bin is completely filled with ice, ice production will stop. 	 talks about 	 ice production will stop
ice production will stop 	 Condition 	 the ice bin is completely filled with ice
the ice bin is completely filled with ice 	 Follows 	 ice production will stop
Freezer Icemaker is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker
Freezer Icemaker is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 some models
Freezer Icemaker is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 only available
Freezer Icemaker 	 is only available on 	 some models
Freezer Icemaker 	 is 	 only available
Freezer Icemaker may vary depending on model purchased. 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker
Freezer Icemaker may vary depending on model purchased. 	 talks about 	 depending on model
Freezer Icemaker 	 may vary 	 depending on model
The sound of ice dropping into the ice bin is normal. 	 talks about 	 The sound of ice dropping into the ice bin
The sound of ice dropping into the ice bin is normal. 	 talks about 	 normal
The sound of ice dropping into the ice bin 	 is 	 normal
In the event of a power outage, throw away the ice stored in the ice bin. 	 talks about 	 the ice
In the event of a power outage, throw away the ice stored in the ice bin. 	 talks about 	 the ice bin
the ice 	 stored in 	 the ice bin
Throw is also necessary 	 talks about 	 Throw
Throw is also necessary 	 talks about 	 also
Throw is also necessary 	 talks about 	 necessary
Throw 	 is necessary 	 also
Throw 	 is 	 necessary
approximately 48 hours after the appliance is initially installed 	 talks about 	 the appliance
approximately 48 hours after the appliance is initially installed 	 talks about 	 initially
the appliance 	 is installed 	 initially
Freezer Icemaker begins producing ice 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker
Freezer Icemaker begins producing ice 	 talks about 	 producing ice
Freezer Icemaker 	 begins 	 producing ice
the ice bin is completely filled with ice 	 talks about 	 the ice bin
the ice bin is completely filled with ice 	 talks about 	 ice
the ice bin 	 is filled with 	 ice
sentence_list_45 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker ( Cubed Ice ) is only available on some models.
sentence_list_45 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker ( Cubed Ice ) produces 12 cubes at a time, 50-110 pieces within a 24 hour period if conditions are favorable.
sentence_list_45 	 talks about 	 This amount may vary according to the environment ( ambient temperature around the appliance, frequency of the door being opened, amount of food stored in the appliance, etc.
sentence_list_45 	 talks about 	 ).
sentence_list_45 	 talks about 	 Ice cubes which are stored in the ice bin for a long time may clump together and be difficult to separate.
sentence_list_45 	 talks about 	 If clump happens, empty the ice bin completely and clean the ice bin before reinstalling the ice bin.
Freezer Icemaker ( Cubed Ice ) produces 12 cubes at a time, 50-110 pieces within a 24 hour period if conditions are favorable. 	 talks about 	 conditions are favorable
Freezer Icemaker ( Cubed Ice ) produces 12 cubes at a time, 50-110 pieces within a 24 hour period if conditions are favorable. 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker Cubed Ice produces 12 cubes at a time, 50-110 pieces within a 24 hour period
Freezer Icemaker Cubed Ice produces 12 cubes at a time , 50-110 pieces within a 24 hour period 	 Condition 	 conditions are favorable
conditions are favorable 	 Follows 	 Freezer Icemaker Cubed Ice produces 12 cubes at a time , 50-110 pieces within a 24 hour period
Ice cubes which are stored in the ice bin for a long time may clump together and be difficult to separate. 	 talks about 	 which are stored in the ice bin for a long time
Ice cubes which are stored in the ice bin for a long time may clump together and be difficult to separate. 	 talks about 	 Ice cubes may clump together and be difficult to separate
If clump happens, empty the ice bin completely and clean the ice bin before reinstalling the ice bin. 	 talks about 	 clump happens
If clump happens, empty the ice bin completely and clean the ice bin before reinstalling the ice bin. 	 talks about 	 empty the ice bin completely and clean the ice bin before reinstalling the ice bin
empty the ice bin completely and clean the ice bin before reinstalling the ice bin 	 Condition 	 clump happens
clump happens 	 Follows 	 empty the ice bin completely and clean the ice bin before reinstalling the ice bin
Freezer Icemaker ( Cubed Ice ) is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker
Freezer Icemaker ( Cubed Ice ) is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 some models
Freezer Icemaker ( Cubed Ice ) is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 only available
conditions are favorable 	 talks about 	 conditions
conditions are favorable 	 talks about 	 favorable
conditions 	 are 	 favorable
Freezer Icemaker Cubed Ice produces 12 cubes at a time, 50-110 pieces within a 24 hour period 	 talks about 	 Freezer Icemaker Cubed Ice
Freezer Icemaker Cubed Ice produces 12 cubes at a time, 50-110 pieces within a 24 hour period 	 talks about 	 a time
Freezer Icemaker Cubed Ice produces 12 cubes at a time, 50-110 pieces within a 24 hour period 	 talks about 	 12 cubes
Freezer Icemaker Cubed Ice 	 produces 12 cubes at 	 a time
Freezer Icemaker Cubed Ice 	 produces 	 12 cubes
sentence_list_46 	 talks about 	 Feeler Arm Power Switch
sentence_list_47 	 talks about 	 To turn the automatic icemaker On/Off, press the power switch on the automatic icemaker to the ON ( | ) or OFF ( O ) position.
To turn the automatic icemaker On/Off, press the power switch on the automatic icemaker to the ON ( | ) or OFF ( O ) position. 	 talks about 	 the automatic icemaker On/Off
To turn the automatic icemaker On/Off, press the power switch on the automatic icemaker to the ON ( | ) or OFF ( O ) position. 	 talks about 	 press the power switch on the automatic icemaker to the ON | or OFF O position
the automatic icemaker On/Off 	 should be turned by 	 press the power switch on the automatic icemaker to the ON | or OFF O position
sentence_list_48 	 talks about 	 To turn the automatic icemaker On/Off, press the power switch on the automatic icemaker to the ON ( | ) or OFF ( O ) position.
sentence_list_49 	 talks about 	 Keeping the power turned on to the icemaker before the water line is connected can damage the icemaker.
sentence_list_49 	 talks about 	 The the icemaker water valve buzzes as the icemaker fills with water.
sentence_list_49 	 talks about 	 If the the icemaker power button is in the ON position, the icemaker power button will buzz even if the icemaker power button has not yet been hooked up to water.
sentence_list_49 	 talks about 	 To stop buzz, press the icemaker power button to turn the icemaker power button off.
To stop buzz, press the icemaker power button to turn the icemaker power button off. 	 talks about 	 buzz
To stop buzz, press the icemaker power button to turn the icemaker power button off. 	 talks about 	 press the icemaker power button to turn the icemaker power button off
buzz 	 should be stopped by 	 press the icemaker power button to turn the icemaker power button off
sentence_list_49 	 talks about 	 You will hear the sound of ice dropping into the bin and water running in the pipes as the icemaker refills.
Keeping the power turned on to the icemaker before the water line is connected can damage the icemaker. 	 talks about 	 the water line is connected
Keeping the power turned on to the icemaker before the water line is connected can damage the icemaker. 	 talks about 	 Keeping the power turned on to the icemaker can damage the icemaker
Keeping the power turned on to the icemaker can damage the icemaker 	 Precedence 	 the water line is connected
The the icemaker water valve buzzes as the icemaker fills with water. 	 talks about 	 as the icemaker fills with water
The the icemaker water valve buzzes as the icemaker fills with water. 	 talks about 	 The the icemaker water valve buzzes
If the the icemaker power button is in the ON position, the icemaker power button will buzz even if the icemaker power button has not yet been hooked up to water. 	 talks about 	 the the icemaker power button is in the ON position
If the the icemaker power button is in the ON position, the icemaker power button will buzz even if the icemaker power button has not yet been hooked up to water. 	 talks about 	 the icemaker power button will buzz even if the icemaker power button has not yet been hooked up to water
the icemaker power button will buzz even if the icemaker power button has not yet been hooked up to water 	 Condition 	 the the icemaker power button is in the ON position
the the icemaker power button is in the ON position 	 Follows 	 the icemaker power button will buzz even if the icemaker power button has not yet been hooked up to water
You will hear the sound of ice dropping into the bin and water running in the pipes as the icemaker refills. 	 talks about 	 as the icemaker refills
You will hear the sound of ice dropping into the bin and water running in the pipes as the icemaker refills. 	 talks about 	 You will hear the sound of ice dropping into the bin and water running in the pipes
the icemaker power button will buzz even if the icemaker power button has not yet been hooked up to water 	 talks about 	 even if the icemaker power button has not yet been hooked up to water
the icemaker power button will buzz even if the icemaker power button has not yet been hooked up to water 	 talks about 	 the icemaker power button will buzz
Keeping the power turned on to the icemaker can damage the icemaker 	 talks about 	 Keeping the power
Keeping the power turned on to the icemaker can damage the icemaker 	 talks about 	 the icemaker
Keeping the power 	 turned on to 	 the icemaker
as the icemaker fills with water 	 talks about 	 the icemaker
as the icemaker fills with water 	 talks about 	 water
the icemaker 	 fills with 	 water
the the icemaker power button is in the ON position 	 talks about 	 the the icemaker power button
the the icemaker power button is in the ON position 	 talks about 	 the ON position
the the icemaker power button 	 is in 	 the ON position
You will hear the sound of ice dropping into the bin and water running in the pipes 	 talks about 	 the sound of ice
You will hear the sound of ice dropping into the bin and water running in the pipes 	 talks about 	 the pipes
You will hear the sound of ice dropping into the bin and water running in the pipes 	 talks about 	 the sound of ice dropping into the bin
You will hear the sound of ice dropping into the bin and water running in the pipes 	 talks about 	 the sound of ice dropping into the water
You will hear the sound of ice dropping into the bin and water running in the pipes 	 talks about 	 the water
the sound of ice 	 running in 	 the pipes
the water 	 running in 	 the pipes
sentence_list_50 	 talks about 	 Set the icemaker power button to OFF and shut off the water supply to the refrigerator.
sentence_list_50 	 talks about 	 If the ambient temperature will drop below freezing, have a qualified technician drain the water supply system to prevent serious property damage due to flooding caused by ruptured water lines or connections.
sentence_list_50 	 talks about 	 The ice bin should be emptied any time the icemaker power button is turned to the OFF position.
If the ambient temperature will drop below freezing, have a qualified technician drain the water supply system to prevent serious property damage due to flooding caused by ruptured water lines or connections. 	 talks about 	 the ambient temperature will drop below freezing
If the ambient temperature will drop below freezing, have a qualified technician drain the water supply system to prevent serious property damage due to flooding caused by ruptured water lines or connections. 	 talks about 	 have a qualified technician drain the water supply system to prevent serious property damage due to flooding caused by ruptured water lines or connections
have a qualified technician drain the water supply system to prevent serious property damage due to flooding caused by ruptured water lines or connections 	 Condition 	 the ambient temperature will drop below freezing
the ambient temperature will drop below freezing 	 Follows 	 have a qualified technician drain the water supply system to prevent serious property damage due to flooding caused by ruptured water lines or connections
The ice bin should be emptied any time the icemaker power button is turned to the OFF position. 	 talks about 	 the icemaker power button is turned to the OFF position
The ice bin should be emptied any time the icemaker power button is turned to the OFF position. 	 talks about 	 The ice bin should be emptied any time
the ambient temperature will drop below freezing 	 talks about 	 the ambient temperature
the ambient temperature will drop below freezing 	 talks about 	 freezing
the ambient temperature 	 will drop below 	 freezing
have a qualified technician drain the water supply system to prevent serious property damage due to flooding caused by ruptured water lines or connections 	 talks about 	 the water supply system
have a qualified technician drain the water supply system to prevent serious property damage due to flooding caused by ruptured water lines or connections 	 talks about 	 serious property damage due to flooding
have a qualified technician drain the water supply system to prevent serious property damage due to flooding caused by ruptured water lines or connections 	 talks about 	 flooding
have a qualified technician drain the water supply system to prevent serious property damage due to flooding caused by ruptured water lines or connections 	 talks about 	 ruptured water lines or connections
the water supply system 	 to prevent 	 serious property damage due to flooding
flooding 	 caused by 	 ruptured water lines or connections
the icemaker power button is turned to the OFF position 	 talks about 	 the icemaker power button
the icemaker power button is turned to the OFF position 	 talks about 	 the OFF position
the icemaker power button 	 is turned to 	 the OFF position
The ice bin should be emptied any time 	 talks about 	 The ice bin
The ice bin should be emptied any time 	 talks about 	 any time
The ice bin 	 should be emptied 	 any time
sentence_list_51 	 talks about 	 Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material unless otherwise noted.
sentence_list_51 	 talks about 	 Wrap prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator.
sentence_list_51 	 talks about 	 For dated products, check date code to ensure freshness.
Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material unless otherwise noted. 	 talks about 	 noted
Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material unless otherwise noted. 	 talks about 	 Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material
Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material 	 unless otherwise 	 noted
Wrap prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 Wrap
Wrap prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
Wrap prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 food odor
Wrap prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 taste transfer throughout the refrigerator
Wrap 	 prevents food odor throughout 	 the refrigerator
Wrap 	 prevents 	 food odor
Wrap 	 prevents 	 taste transfer throughout the refrigerator
sentence_list_52 	 talks about 	 Do not overfill or pack items too tightly into door bins.
sentence_list_52 	 talks about 	 Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force.
sentence_list_52 	 talks about 	 Do not store glass containers in the freezer.
sentence_list_52 	 talks about 	 Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury.
Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force. 	 talks about 	 items are removed with excessive force
Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force. 	 talks about 	 Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury
Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury 	 Condition 	 items are removed with excessive force
items are removed with excessive force 	 Follows 	 Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury
Do not store glass containers in the freezer. 	 paraphrase 	 glass containers should not be stored in the freezer
glass containers should not be stored in the freezer 	 talks about 	 glass containers
glass containers should not be stored in the freezer 	 talks about 	 in the freezer
glass containers 	 should not be stored 	 in the freezer
Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury. 	 talks about 	 frozen
Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury. 	 talks about 	 Contents may expand, break the container and cause injury
Contents may expand , break the container and cause injury 	 Synchronous 	 frozen
glass containers should not be stored in the freezer 	 talks about 	 the freezer
glass containers 	 should not be stored in 	 the freezer
items are removed with excessive force 	 talks about 	 items
items are removed with excessive force 	 talks about 	 excessive force
items 	 are removed with 	 excessive force
Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury 	 talks about 	 Doing so
Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury 	 talks about 	 damage to the bin or personal injury
Doing so 	 may cause 	 damage to the bin or personal injury
sentence_list_53 	 talks about 	 Keep opened butter in covered dish or closed compartment.
sentence_list_53 	 talks about 	 When storing an extra supply, wrap in freezer packaging and freeze.
Keep opened butter in covered dish or closed compartment. 	 paraphrase 	 butter should be kept opened in covered dish or closed compartment
butter should be kept opened in covered dish or closed compartment 	 talks about 	 butter
butter should be kept opened in covered dish or closed compartment 	 talks about 	 opened in covered dish or closed compartment
butter 	 should be kept 	 opened in covered dish or closed compartment
When storing an extra supply, wrap in freezer packaging and freeze. 	 talks about 	 storing an extra supply
When storing an extra supply, wrap in freezer packaging and freeze. 	 talks about 	 wrap in freezer packaging and freeze
wrap in freezer packaging and freeze 	 Synchronous 	 storing an extra supply
butter should be kept opened in covered dish or closed compartment 	 talks about 	 covered dish or closed compartment
butter 	 opened in 	 covered dish or closed compartment
sentence_list_54 	 talks about 	 Store in original wrapping until used.
sentence_list_54 	 talks about 	 Once opened, rewrap tightly in plastic wrap or aluminum foil.
Once opened, rewrap tightly in plastic wrap or aluminum foil. 	 talks about 	 opened
Once opened, rewrap tightly in plastic wrap or aluminum foil. 	 talks about 	 rewrap tightly in plastic wrap or aluminum foil
rewrap tightly in plastic wrap or aluminum foil 	 Succession 	 opened
sentence_list_55 	 talks about 	 Wipe milk cartons.
sentence_list_55 	 talks about 	 For coldest milk, place containers on an interior shelf.
Wipe milk cartons. 	 paraphrase 	 milk cartons should be wiped 
sentence_list_56 	 talks about 	 Store in original carton on interior shelf, not on door shelf.
sentence_list_57 	 talks about 	 Do not wash or hull fruit until fruit is ready to be used.
sentence_list_57 	 talks about 	 Sort and keep fruit in original container in a crisper, or store in completely closed paper bag on refrigerator shelf.
Do not wash or hull fruit until fruit is ready to be used. 	 talks about 	 fruit is ready to be used
Do not wash or hull fruit until fruit is ready to be used. 	 talks about 	 Do not wash or hull fruit
Do not wash or hull fruit 	 Precedence 	 fruit is ready to be used
fruit is ready to be used 	 talks about 	 fruit
fruit is ready to be used 	 talks about 	 ready to be used
fruit 	 is 	 ready to be used
sentence_list_58 	 talks about 	 Remove store wrapping, trim or tear off bruised and discolored areas, wash in cold water, and drain.
sentence_list_58 	 talks about 	 Place in plastic bag or plastic container and store in crisper.
sentence_list_59 	 talks about 	 Place in plastic bags or plastic container and store in crisper.
sentence_list_60 	 talks about 	 Freeze fresh fish and shellfish if fresh fish and shellfish are not being eaten the same day purchased.
sentence_list_60 	 talks about 	 Eating fresh fish and shellfish the same day purchased is recommended.
Freeze fresh fish and shellfish if fresh fish and shellfish are not being eaten the same day purchased. 	 talks about 	 fresh fish and shellfish are not being eaten the same day purchased
Freeze fresh fish and shellfish if fresh fish and shellfish are not being eaten the same day purchased. 	 talks about 	 Freeze fresh fish and shellfish
Freeze fresh fish and shellfish 	 Condition 	 fresh fish and shellfish are not being eaten the same day purchased
fresh fish and shellfish are not being eaten the same day purchased 	 Follows 	 Freeze fresh fish and shellfish
Freeze fresh fish and shellfish 	 paraphrase 	 fresh fish and shellfish should be frozen 
Eating fresh fish and shellfish the same day purchased is recommended. 	 talks about 	 the same day purchased
Eating fresh fish and shellfish the same day purchased is recommended. 	 talks about 	 shellfish
the same day purchased 	 is recommended 	 shellfish
fresh fish and shellfish are not being eaten the same day purchased 	 talks about 	 shellfish
fresh fish and shellfish are not being eaten the same day purchased 	 talks about 	 the same day
fresh fish and shellfish are not being eaten the same day purchased 	 talks about 	 fresh fish
shellfish 	 are not being eaten 	 the same day
fresh fish 	 are not being eaten 	 the same day
sentence_list_61 	 talks about 	 Cover leftovers with plastic wrap or aluminum foil, or store in plastic containers with tight lids.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 food with high moisture content could come into direct contact with the cold air and freeze.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 Wash food before storing food in the refrigerator.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 Wipe off condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 If doors are opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature.
sentence_list_62 	 talks about 	 This can increase the running costs of the refrigerator.
Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times. 	 paraphrase 	 a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook should be checked for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook should be checked for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times 	 talks about 	 a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook should be checked for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times 	 talks about 	 for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook 	 should be checked 	 for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times
Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy. 	 talks about 	 freezing
Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy. 	 talks about 	 Cooling hot foods saves energy
Cooling hot foods saves energy 	 Precedence 	 freezing
If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. 	 talks about 	 you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on
Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer. 	 talks about 	 are able to be frozen
Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer. 	 talks about 	 Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer
Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer 	 that 	 are able to be frozen
If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. 	 talks about 	 you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period
If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. 	 talks about 	 remove all food and unplug the power cord
remove all food and unplug the power cord 	 Condition 	 you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period
you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period 	 Follows 	 remove all food and unplug the power cord
Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 food with high moisture content should not be stored towards the top of the refrigerator
food with high moisture content should not be stored towards the top of the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 food with high moisture content
food with high moisture content should not be stored towards the top of the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 towards the top of the refrigerator
food with high moisture content 	 should not be stored 	 towards the top of the refrigerator
Wash food before storing food in the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 food should be washed before storing food in the refrigerator
food should be washed before storing food in the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 food
food should be washed before storing food in the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 before storing food in the refrigerator
food 	 should be washed 	 before storing food in the refrigerator
Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated. 	 talks about 	 food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated
Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated. 	 talks about 	 Vegetables should be washed
Vegetables should be washed 	 Conjunction 	 food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated
If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place
If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. 	 talks about 	 frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form
frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form 	 Condition 	 the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place
the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place 	 Follows 	 frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form
Wipe off condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel. 	 paraphrase 	 condensation should be wiped off with a clean cloth or a paper towel
condensation should be wiped off with a clean cloth or a paper towel 	 talks about 	 condensation
condensation should be wiped off with a clean cloth or a paper towel 	 talks about 	 off with a clean cloth or a paper towel
condensation 	 should be wiped 	 off with a clean cloth or a paper towel
If doors are opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature. 	 talks about 	 doors are opened or closed too often
If doors are opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature. 	 talks about 	 warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature
warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature 	 Condition 	 doors are opened or closed too often
doors are opened or closed too often 	 Follows 	 warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature
you are leaving home for a short period , like a short vacation , the refrigerator should be left on 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator should be left on
you are leaving home for a short period , like a short vacation , the refrigerator should be left on 	 talks about 	 you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook should be checked for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times 	 talks about 	 storage times
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook should be checked for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times 	 talks about 	 further information about preparing food for freezing or food
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook 	 should be checked 	 storage times
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook 	 should be checked for 	 further information about preparing food for freezing or food
food with high moisture content should not be stored towards the top of the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 the top of the refrigerator
food with high moisture content 	 should not be stored towards 	 the top of the refrigerator
food with high moisture content could come into direct contact with the cold air and freeze. 	 talks about 	 food with high moisture content
food with high moisture content could come into direct contact with the cold air and freeze. 	 talks about 	 direct contact with the cold freeze
food with high moisture content could come into direct contact with the cold air and freeze. 	 talks about 	 direct contact with the cold air
food with high moisture content 	 could come into 	 direct contact with the cold freeze
food with high moisture content 	 could come into 	 direct contact with the cold air
food should be washed before storing food in the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 storing food in the refrigerator
food should be washed before storing food in the refrigerator 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
food 	 before storing 	 food
food 	 should be washed before 	 storing food in the refrigerator
food 	 before storing food in 	 the refrigerator
condensation should be wiped off with a clean cloth or a paper towel 	 talks about 	 a clean cloth or a paper towel
condensation 	 should be wiped off with 	 a clean cloth or a paper towel
This can increase the running costs of the refrigerator. 	 talks about 	 the running costs of the refrigerator
Cooling hot foods saves energy 	 talks about 	 Cooling hot foods
Cooling hot foods saves energy 	 talks about 	 energy
Cooling hot foods 	 saves 	 energy
Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer 	 talks about 	 Refrigerated foods
Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer 	 talks about 	 preserved
Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer 	 talks about 	 longer
Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer 	 talks about 	 stored in the freezer
Refrigerated foods 	 will stay 	 preserved
Refrigerated foods 	 will stay 	 longer
Refrigerated foods 	 preserved if 	 stored in the freezer
Refrigerated foods 	 will stay if 	 stored in the freezer
you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period 	 talks about 	 turned off for an extended period
you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period 	 talks about 	 an extended period
the refrigerator 	 turned off for 	 an extended period
food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated 	 talks about 	 food packaging
food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated 	 talks about 	 prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated
food packaging 	 should be wiped down to 	 prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated
the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place 	 talks about 	 a humid place
the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place 	 talks about 	 a hot place
the refrigerator 	 is kept in 	 a humid place
the refrigerator 	 is kept in 	 a hot place
frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form 	 talks about 	 frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator
frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form 	 talks about 	 condensation to form
frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator 	 may cause 	 condensation to form
doors are opened or closed too often 	 talks about 	 doors
doors are opened or closed too often 	 talks about 	 too often
doors 	 closed 	 too often
warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature 	 talks about 	 warm air
warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
warm air 	 may penetrate 	 the refrigerator
you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation 	 talks about 	 home
you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation 	 talks about 	 a short period
sentence_list_63 	 talks about 	 Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food.
sentence_list_63 	 talks about 	 Do not put more unfrozen food into Your freezer than will freeze within 24 hours ( no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space ).
sentence_list_63 	 talks about 	 Leave enough space in Your freezer for air to circulate around packages.
sentence_list_63 	 talks about 	 Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.
sentence_list_63 	 talks about 	 Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used ( how airtight and moisture-proof ) and the storage temperature.
sentence_list_63 	 talks about 	 Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal.
sentence_list_63 	 talks about 	 are simply means that moisture in the food and air inside a sealed package have condensed, creating ice crystals.
Do not put more unfrozen food into Your freezer than will freeze within 24 hours ( no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space ). 	 talks about 	 than will freeze within 24 hours no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space
Do not put more unfrozen food into Your freezer than will freeze within 24 hours ( no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space ). 	 talks about 	 Do not put more unfrozen food into Your freezer
Leave enough space in Your freezer for air to circulate around packages. 	 talks about 	 for air to circulate around packages
Leave enough space in Your freezer for air to circulate around packages. 	 talks about 	 Leave enough space in Your freezer
Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly. 	 talks about 	 the door can close tightly
Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly. 	 talks about 	 Be careful to leave enough room at the front
Be careful to leave enough room at the front 	 Result 	 the door can close tightly
Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used ( how airtight and moisture-proof ) and the storage temperature. 	 talks about 	 how airtight and moisture-proof
Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used ( how airtight and moisture-proof ) and the storage temperature. 	 talks about 	 Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used and the storage temperature
are simply means that moisture in the food and air inside a sealed package have condensed, creating ice crystals. 	 talks about 	 moisture in the food and air inside a sealed package have condensed, creating ice crystals
are simply means that moisture in the food and air inside a sealed package have condensed, creating ice crystals. 	 talks about 	 are simply means
are simply means 	 that 	 moisture in the food and air inside a sealed package have condensed , creating ice crystals
Do not put more unfrozen food into Your freezer 	 paraphrase 	 more unfrozen food should not be put into Your freezer
more unfrozen food should not be put into Your freezer 	 talks about 	 more unfrozen food
more unfrozen food should not be put into Your freezer 	 talks about 	 into Your freezer
more unfrozen food 	 should not be put 	 into Your freezer
Leave enough space in Your freezer 	 paraphrase 	 enough space should be leaved in Your freezer
enough space should be leaved in Your freezer 	 talks about 	 enough space
enough space should be leaved in Your freezer 	 talks about 	 in Your freezer
enough space 	 should be leaved 	 in Your freezer
Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. 	 talks about 	 Your freezer
Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. 	 talks about 	 freeze a large quantity of food
Your freezer 	 will not quick 	 freeze a large quantity of food
Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. 	 talks about 	 Ice crystals inside a sealed package
Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. 	 talks about 	 normal
Ice crystals inside a sealed package 	 are 	 normal
more unfrozen food should not be put into Your freezer 	 talks about 	 Your freezer
more unfrozen food 	 should not be put into 	 Your freezer
for air to circulate around packages 	 talks about 	 air
for air to circulate around packages 	 talks about 	 packages
air 	 to circulate 	 packages
enough space should be leaved in Your freezer 	 talks about 	 Your freezer
enough space 	 should be leaved in 	 Your freezer
sentence_list_64 	 talks about 	 Successful freezing depends on correct packaging.
sentence_list_64 	 talks about 	 When you close and seal the package, the package must not allow air or moisture in or out.
sentence_list_64 	 talks about 	 If the package does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food.
sentence_list_64 	 talks about 	 Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods.
When you close and seal the package, the package must not allow air or moisture in or out. 	 talks about 	 you close and seal the package
When you close and seal the package, the package must not allow air or moisture in or out. 	 talks about 	 the package must not allow air or moisture in or out
the package must not allow air or moisture in or out 	 Synchronous 	 you close and seal the package
If the package does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food. 	 talks about 	 the package does
If the package does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food. 	 talks about 	 you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food
you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food 	 Condition 	 the package does
the package does 	 Follows 	 you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food
Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods. 	 paraphrase 	 package or container instructions for proper freezing methods should be followed 
Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. 	 talks about 	 Successful freezing
Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. 	 talks about 	 correct packaging
Successful freezing 	 depends on 	 correct packaging
you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food 	 talks about 	 taste transfer throughout the refrigerator
you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food 	 talks about 	 food odor
you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food 	 talks about 	 frozen food
you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food 	 talks about 	 the refrigerator
sentence_list_65 	 talks about 	 Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids Straight-sided canning/freezing jars Heavy-duty aluminum foil Plastic-coated paper Non-permeable plastic wraps Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags
Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids Straight-sided canning/freezing jars Heavy-duty aluminum foil Plastic-coated paper Non-permeable plastic wraps Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags 	 talks about 	 paper
Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids Straight-sided canning/freezing jars Heavy-duty aluminum foil Plastic-coated paper Non-permeable plastic wraps Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags 	 talks about 	 Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags
paper 	 wraps 	 Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags
sentence_list_66 	 talks about 	 Bread wrappers Non-polyethylene plastic containers Containers without tight lids Wax paper or wax-coated freezer wrap Thin, semi-permeable wrap
sentence_list_67 	 talks about 	 Humidity Controlled Crispers is only available on some models.
sentence_list_67 	 talks about 	 Humidity Controlled Crispers provide fresher tasting fruit and vegetables by letting you easily control humidity inside the drawer.
Humidity Controlled Crispers is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 Humidity Controlled Crispers
Humidity Controlled Crispers is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 some models
Humidity Controlled Crispers is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 only available
Humidity Controlled Crispers 	 is only available on 	 some models
Humidity Controlled Crispers 	 is 	 only available
Humidity Controlled Crispers provide fresher tasting fruit and vegetables by letting you easily control humidity inside the drawer. 	 talks about 	 Humidity
Humidity Controlled Crispers provide fresher tasting fruit and vegetables by letting you easily control humidity inside the drawer. 	 talks about 	 Crispers
Humidity Controlled Crispers provide fresher tasting fruit and vegetables by letting you easily control humidity inside the drawer. 	 talks about 	 Humidity Controlled Crispers
Humidity Controlled Crispers provide fresher tasting fruit and vegetables by letting you easily control humidity inside the drawer. 	 talks about 	 fresher vegetables
Humidity Controlled Crispers provide fresher tasting fruit and vegetables by letting you easily control humidity inside the drawer. 	 talks about 	 fresher tasting fruit
Humidity 	 Controlled 	 Crispers
Humidity Controlled Crispers 	 provide 	 fresher vegetables
Humidity Controlled Crispers 	 provide 	 fresher tasting fruit
sentence_list_68 	 talks about 	 Vegetables keeps moist air in the crisper for best storage of fresh, leafy vegetables.
sentence_list_68 	 talks about 	 Fruit lets moist air out of the crisper for best storage of fruit.
Vegetables keeps moist air in the crisper for best storage of fresh, leafy vegetables. 	 talks about 	 Vegetables
Vegetables keeps moist air in the crisper for best storage of fresh, leafy vegetables. 	 talks about 	 the crisper for best storage of fresh, leafy vegetables
Vegetables keeps moist air in the crisper for best storage of fresh, leafy vegetables. 	 talks about 	 moist air
Vegetables 	 keeps moist air in 	 the crisper for best storage of fresh, leafy vegetables
Vegetables 	 keeps 	 moist air
sentence_list_69 	 talks about 	 Open the doors completely and remove the contents of the Door-in-Door case.
sentence_list_69 	 talks about 	 Lift up and pull out the Door-in-Door case.
sentence_list_69 	 talks about 	 The Door-in-Door feature is only available on some models.
sentence_list_69 	 talks about 	 Pull out the crisper to full extension, lift the front up, and pull straight out.
sentence_list_69 	 talks about 	 Lift the front of the cover up with both hands until the cover detaches from the back wall of the cabinet, then pull the cover out.
sentence_list_69 	 talks about 	 Slightly tilt up the front, insert the crisper into the frame and push the crisper back into place.
sentence_list_69 	 talks about 	 Line up the tabs on the Door-in-Door case with the slots on the door and push down until the Door-in-Door case snaps into place.
Lift the front of the cover up with both hands until the cover detaches from the back wall of the cabinet, then pull the cover out. 	 talks about 	 the cover detaches from the back wall of the cabinet
Lift the front of the cover up with both hands until the cover detaches from the back wall of the cabinet, then pull the cover out. 	 talks about 	 Lift the front of the cover up with both hands, then pull the cover out
Lift the front of the cover up with both hands , then pull the cover out 	 Precedence 	 the cover detaches from the back wall of the cabinet
Line up the tabs on the Door-in-Door case with the slots on the door and push down until the Door-in-Door case snaps into place. 	 talks about 	 the Door-in-Door case snaps into place
Line up the tabs on the Door-in-Door case with the slots on the door and push down until the Door-in-Door case snaps into place. 	 talks about 	 Line up the tabs on the Door-in-Door case with the slots on the door and push down
Line up the tabs on the Door-in-Door case with the slots on the door and push down 	 Precedence 	 the Door-in-Door case snaps into place
Line up the tabs on the Door-in-Door case with the slots on the door and push down 	 paraphrase 	 the tabs on the Door-in-Door case with the slots on the door and push down should be lined up
the tabs on the Door-in-Door case with the slots on the door and push down should be lined up 	 talks about 	 the tabs on the Door-in-Door case with the slots on the door and push down
The Door-in-Door feature is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 The Door-in-Door feature
The Door-in-Door feature is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 only available
The Door-in-Door feature 	 is 	 only available
Slightly tilt up the front, insert the crisper into the frame and push the crisper back into place. 	 talks about 	 the front, insert
Slightly tilt up the front, insert the crisper into the frame and push the crisper back into place. 	 talks about 	 the crisper
Slightly tilt up the front, insert the crisper into the frame and push the crisper back into place. 	 talks about 	 back into place
the front, insert 	 push 	 the crisper
the front, insert 	 push the crisper 	 back into place
the cover detaches from the back wall of the cabinet 	 talks about 	 the cover
the cover detaches from the back wall of the cabinet 	 talks about 	 the back wall of the cabinet
the cover 	 detaches from 	 the back wall of the cabinet
the Door-in-Door case snaps into place 	 talks about 	 the Door-in-Door case
the Door-in-Door case snaps into place 	 talks about 	 place
the Door-in-Door case 	 snaps into 	 place
sentence_list_70 	 talks about 	 Open the doors completely and remove the contents of the Door-in-Door case.
sentence_list_70 	 talks about 	 Lift up and pull out the Door-in-Door case.
sentence_list_70 	 talks about 	 The Door-in-Door feature is only available on some models.
sentence_list_70 	 talks about 	 Pull out the crisper to full extension, lift the front up, and pull straight out.
sentence_list_70 	 talks about 	 Lift the front of the cover up with both hands until the cover detaches from the back wall of the cabinet, then pull the cover out.
sentence_list_70 	 talks about 	 Slightly tilt up the front, insert the crisper into the frame and push the crisper back into place.
sentence_list_70 	 talks about 	 Line up the tabs on the Door-in-Door case with the slots on the door and push down until the Door-in-Door case snaps into place.
sentence_list_71 	 talks about 	 This function provides storage space with a variable temperature control that can keep the compartment at a slightly different temperature than the refrigerator section.
sentence_list_71 	 talks about 	 This drawer can be used for large party trays, deli items and beverages.
sentence_list_71 	 talks about 	 ( This drawer should not be used to store vegetables that require high humidity. )
sentence_list_71 	 talks about 	 Press the Select button to choose between Produce ( Cold ), Deli ( Colder ) and Meat ( Coldest ).
This function provides storage space with a variable temperature control that can keep the compartment at a slightly different temperature than the refrigerator section. 	 talks about 	 can keep the compartment at a slightly different temperature than the refrigerator section
This function provides storage space with a variable temperature control that can keep the compartment at a slightly different temperature than the refrigerator section. 	 talks about 	 This function provides storage space with a variable temperature control
This function provides storage space with a variable temperature control 	 that 	 can keep the compartment at a slightly different temperature than the refrigerator section
( This drawer should not be used to store vegetables that require high humidity. ) 	 talks about 	 require high humidity
( This drawer should not be used to store vegetables that require high humidity. ) 	 talks about 	 This drawer should not be used to store vegetables
This drawer should not be used to store vegetables 	 that 	 require high humidity
Press the Select button to choose between Produce ( Cold ), Deli ( Colder ) and Meat ( Coldest ). 	 paraphrase 	 the Select button should be pressed to choose between Produce Cold, Deli Colder and Meat Coldest
the Select button should be pressed to choose between Produce Cold, Deli Colder and Meat Coldest 	 talks about 	 the Select button
the Select button should be pressed to choose between Produce Cold, Deli Colder and Meat Coldest 	 talks about 	 to choose between Produce Cold, Deli Colder and Meat Coldest
the Select button 	 should be pressed 	 to choose between Produce Cold, Deli Colder and Meat Coldest
require high humidity 	 paraphrase 	 high humidity should be required 
This drawer can be used for large party trays, deli items and beverages. 	 talks about 	 This drawer
This drawer can be used for large party trays, deli items and beverages. 	 talks about 	 large party trays
This drawer can be used for large party trays, deli items and beverages. 	 talks about 	 large beverages
This drawer can be used for large party trays, deli items and beverages. 	 talks about 	 large deli items
This drawer 	 can be used for 	 large party trays
This drawer 	 can be used for 	 large beverages
This drawer 	 can be used for 	 large deli items
the Select button should be pressed to choose between Produce Cold, Deli Colder and Meat Coldest 	 talks about 	 choose between Produce Cold, Deli Colder and Meat Coldest
the Select button 	 should be pressed to 	 choose between Produce Cold, Deli Colder and Meat Coldest
This function provides storage space with a variable temperature control 	 talks about 	 This function
This function provides storage space with a variable temperature control 	 talks about 	 storage space
This function 	 provides 	 storage space
This drawer should not be used to store vegetables 	 talks about 	 This drawer
This drawer should not be used to store vegetables 	 talks about 	 vegetables
This drawer should not be used to store vegetables 	 talks about 	 store vegetables
This drawer 	 to store 	 vegetables
This drawer 	 should not be used to 	 store vegetables
sentence_list_72 	 talks about 	 Do not place any items on the Glide'N'Serve cover.
Do not place any items on the Glide'N'Serve cover. 	 paraphrase 	 any items should not be placed on the Glide'N'Serve cover
any items should not be placed on the Glide'N'Serve cover 	 talks about 	 any items
any items should not be placed on the Glide'N'Serve cover 	 talks about 	 on the Glide'N'Serve cover
any items 	 should not be placed 	 on the Glide'N'Serve cover
any items should not be placed on the Glide'N'Serve cover 	 talks about 	 the Glide'N'Serve cover
any items 	 should not be placed on 	 the Glide'N'Serve cover
sentence_list_73 	 talks about 	 To remove the Glide'N'Serve, pull out the drawer until the drawer stops, lift the front up, and pull straight out.
To remove the Glide'N'Serve, pull out the drawer until the drawer stops, lift the front up, and pull straight out. 	 talks about 	 the Glide'N'Serve
To remove the Glide'N'Serve, pull out the drawer until the drawer stops, lift the front up, and pull straight out. 	 talks about 	 pull out the drawer until the drawer stops lift the front up and pull straight out
the Glide'N'Serve 	 should be removed by 	 pull out the drawer until the drawer stops lift the front up and pull straight out
sentence_list_74 	 talks about 	 To remove the Glide'N'Serve, pull out the drawer until the drawer stops, lift the front up, and pull straight out.
sentence_list_75 	 talks about 	 Refrigerator Shelves are adjustable to meet individual storage needs.
sentence_list_75 	 talks about 	 Adjusting Refrigerator Shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier.
Adjusting Refrigerator Shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier. 	 talks about 	 you want easier
Adjusting Refrigerator Shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier. 	 talks about 	 Adjusting Refrigerator Shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item
Refrigerator Shelves are adjustable to meet individual storage needs. 	 talks about 	 Refrigerator Shelves
Refrigerator Shelves are adjustable to meet individual storage needs. 	 talks about 	 adjustable to meet individual storage needs
Refrigerator Shelves are adjustable to meet individual storage needs. 	 talks about 	 individual storage needs
Refrigerator Shelves 	 are 	 adjustable to meet individual storage needs
Refrigerator Shelves 	 to meet 	 individual storage needs
you want easier 	 talks about 	 easier
sentence_list_76 	 talks about 	 Folding Shelf is only available on some models.
sentence_list_76 	 talks about 	 Store taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles, by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf.
sentence_list_76 	 talks about 	 Pull the front half of the shelf forward to return to a full shelf.
Store taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles, by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf. 	 paraphrase 	 taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf
taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks about 	 taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles,
taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks about 	 by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf
taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles, 	 should be stored 	 by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf
Pull the front half of the shelf forward to return to a full shelf. 	 paraphrase 	 the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf
the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf 	 talks about 	 the front half of the shelf
the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf 	 talks about 	 forward to return to a full shelf
the front half of the shelf 	 should be pulled 	 forward to return to a full shelf
Folding Shelf is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 Folding Shelf
Folding Shelf is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 only available
Folding Shelf is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 some models
Folding Shelf 	 is 	 only available
Folding Shelf 	 is only available on 	 some models
taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks about 	 taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles
taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks about 	 the back half of the shelf
taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks about 	 the front half of the shelf
taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks about 	 pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf
taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles 	 by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath 	 the back half of the shelf
taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles 	 by pushing 	 the front half of the shelf
taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles 	 should be stored by 	 pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf
the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf 	 talks about 	 return to a full shelf
the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf 	 talks about 	 forward
the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf 	 talks about 	 a full shelf
the front half of the shelf 	 should be pulled forward to 	 return to a full shelf
the front half of the shelf 	 should be pulled 	 forward
the front half of the shelf 	 to return to 	 a full shelf
sentence_list_77 	 talks about 	 Glass shelves are heavy.
sentence_list_77 	 talks about 	 Use special care when removing Glass shelves.
sentence_list_77 	 talks about 	 Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while glass shelves are cold.
sentence_list_77 	 talks about 	 Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.
Use special care when removing Glass shelves. 	 talks about 	 removing Glass shelves
Use special care when removing Glass shelves. 	 talks about 	 Use special care
Use special care 	 Synchronous 	 removing Glass shelves
Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while glass shelves are cold. 	 talks about 	 glass shelves are cold
Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while glass shelves are cold. 	 talks about 	 Do not clean glass shelves with warm water
Do not clean glass shelves with warm water 	 Synchronous 	 glass shelves are cold
Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact. 	 talks about 	 exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact
Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact. 	 talks about 	 Shelves may break
Shelves may break 	 Condition 	 exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact
exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact 	 Follows 	 Shelves may break
Use special care 	 paraphrase 	 special care should be used 
Do not clean glass shelves with warm water 	 paraphrase 	 glass shelves should not be cleaned with warm water
glass shelves should not be cleaned with warm water 	 talks about 	 glass shelves
glass shelves should not be cleaned with warm water 	 talks about 	 with warm water
glass shelves 	 should not be cleaned 	 with warm water
Glass shelves are heavy. 	 talks about 	 Glass shelves
Glass shelves are heavy. 	 talks about 	 heavy
Glass shelves 	 are 	 heavy
glass shelves are cold 	 talks about 	 glass shelves
glass shelves are cold 	 talks about 	 cold
glass shelves 	 are 	 cold
glass shelves should not be cleaned with warm water 	 talks about 	 warm water
glass shelves 	 should not be cleaned with 	 warm water
sentence_list_78 	 talks about 	 Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while glass shelves are cold.
sentence_list_78 	 talks about 	 Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.
sentence_list_79 	 talks about 	 Pull the shelf out.
sentence_list_79 	 talks about 	 Lower the front of the shelf so that the shelf hooks drop into the slots.
sentence_list_79 	 talks about 	 Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other.
sentence_list_79 	 talks about 	 Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.
Pull the shelf out. 	 paraphrase 	 the shelf should be pulled out
the shelf should be pulled out 	 talks about 	 the shelf
Lower the front of the shelf so that the shelf hooks drop into the slots. 	 talks about 	 the shelf hooks drop into the slots
Lower the front of the shelf so that the shelf hooks drop into the slots. 	 talks about 	 Lower the front of the shelf
Lower the front of the shelf 	 Result 	 the shelf hooks drop into the slots
Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. 	 talks about 	 shelves are level from one side to the other
Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. 	 talks about 	 Make sure
Make sure 	 that 	 shelves are level from one side to the other
Lower the front of the shelf 	 paraphrase 	 the front of the shelf should be lowered 
Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food. 	 talks about 	 Failure to do so
Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food. 	 talks about 	 the shelf falling or spilled food
Failure to do so 	 may result in 	 the shelf falling or spilled food
the shelf hooks drop into the slots 	 talks about 	 the shelf
the shelf hooks drop into the slots 	 talks about 	 the slots
the shelf 	 hooks drop into 	 the slots
shelves are level from one side to the other 	 talks about 	 shelves
shelves are level from one side to the other 	 talks about 	 level from one side to the other
shelves 	 are 	 level from one side to the other
sentence_list_80 	 talks about 	 Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while glass shelves are cold.
sentence_list_80 	 talks about 	 Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.
sentence_list_81 	 talks about 	 Pull the shelf out.
sentence_list_81 	 talks about 	 Lower the front of the shelf so that the shelf hooks drop into the slots.
sentence_list_81 	 talks about 	 Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other.
sentence_list_81 	 talks about 	 Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.
sentence_list_82 	 talks about 	 Door-in-Door is only available on some models.
sentence_list_82 	 talks about 	 The Door-in-Door compartment allows for easy access to commonly used food items.
Door-in-Door is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 Door-in-Door
Door-in-Door is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 only available
Door-in-Door is only available on some models. 	 talks about 	 some models
Door-in-Door 	 is 	 only available
Door-in-Door 	 is only available on 	 some models
The Door-in-Door compartment allows for easy access to commonly used food items. 	 talks about 	 The Door-in-Door compartment
The Door-in-Door compartment allows for easy access to commonly used food items. 	 talks about 	 easy access to commonly used food items
The Door-in-Door compartment 	 allows for 	 easy access to commonly used food items
sentence_list_83 	 talks about 	 To access Door-in-Door Compartment, lightly press the button on the right refrigerator door handle.
To access Door-in-Door Compartment, lightly press the button on the right refrigerator door handle. 	 talks about 	 Door Compartment
To access Door-in-Door Compartment, lightly press the button on the right refrigerator door handle. 	 talks about 	 -in-lightly press the button on the right refrigerator door handle
Door Compartment 	 should be accessed by 	 -in-lightly press the button on the right refrigerator door handle
sentence_list_84 	 talks about 	 The Door-in-Door inner and outer door bins are removable for easy cleaning.
The Door-in-Door inner and outer door bins are removable for easy cleaning. 	 talks about 	 The Door-in-Door inner door bins
The Door-in-Door inner and outer door bins are removable for easy cleaning. 	 talks about 	 removable for easy cleaning
The Door-in-Door inner and outer door bins are removable for easy cleaning. 	 talks about 	 The Door-in-Door outer door bins
The Door-in-Door inner door bins 	 are 	 removable for easy cleaning
The Door-in-Door outer door bins 	 are 	 removable for easy cleaning
sentence_list_85 	 talks about 	 To remove the door bins, lift up and pull out.
To remove the door bins, lift up and pull out. 	 talks about 	 the door bins
To remove the door bins, lift up and pull out. 	 talks about 	 lift up and pull out
the door bins 	 should be removed by 	 lift up and pull out
sentence_list_85 	 talks about 	 To replace the door bins, slide the door bin in above the desired support and push down until the door bin snaps into place.
To replace the door bins, slide the door bin in above the desired support and push down until the door bin snaps into place. 	 talks about 	 the door bins
To replace the door bins, slide the door bin in above the desired support and push down until the door bin snaps into place. 	 talks about 	 slide the door bin in above the desired support and push down until the door bin snaps into place
the door bins 	 should be replaced by 	 slide the door bin in above the desired support and push down until the door bin snaps into place
sentence_list_86 	 talks about 	 To open Door-in-Door Case, press on the area marked Pull to open.
To open Door-in-Door Case, press on the area marked Pull to open. 	 talks about 	 Door
To open Door-in-Door Case, press on the area marked Pull to open. 	 talks about 	 -in-Door Case press on the area marked Pull to open
Door 	 should be opened by 	 -in-Door Case press on the area marked Pull to open
sentence_list_86 	 talks about 	 Door-in-Door Case is removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.
Door-in-Door Case is removable for easy cleaning and adjustment. 	 talks about 	 Door-in-Door Case
Door-in-Door Case is removable for easy cleaning and adjustment. 	 talks about 	 removable for easy cleaning
Door-in-Door Case is removable for easy cleaning and adjustment. 	 talks about 	 removable for easy adjustment
Door-in-Door Case 	 is 	 removable for easy cleaning
Door-in-Door Case 	 is 	 removable for easy adjustment
sentence_list_87 	 talks about 	 To remove Door-in-Door Case, lift up and pull out.
To remove Door-in-Door Case, lift up and pull out. 	 talks about 	 Door
To remove Door-in-Door Case, lift up and pull out. 	 talks about 	 -in-Door Case lift up and pull out
Door 	 should be removed by 	 -in-Door Case lift up and pull out
sentence_list_87 	 talks about 	 To replace Door-in-Door Case, line up the tabs on Door-in-Door Case with the slots on the door and push down until Door-in-Door Case snaps into place.
To replace Door-in-Door Case, line up the tabs on Door-in-Door Case with the slots on the door and push down until Door-in-Door Case snaps into place. 	 talks about 	 Door
To replace Door-in-Door Case, line up the tabs on Door-in-Door Case with the slots on the door and push down until Door-in-Door Case snaps into place. 	 talks about 	 -in-Door Case line up the tabs on Door-in-Door Case with the slots on the door and push down until Door-in-Door Case snaps into place
Door 	 should be replaced by 	 -in-Door Case line up the tabs on Door-in-Door Case with the slots on the door and push down until Door-in-Door Case snaps into place
sentence_list_88 	 talks about 	 The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.
The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment. 	 talks about 	 The door bins
The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment. 	 talks about 	 removable for easy adjustment
The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment. 	 talks about 	 removable for easy cleaning
The door bins 	 are 	 removable for easy adjustment
The door bins 	 are 	 removable for easy cleaning
sentence_list_89 	 talks about 	 To remove Door Bin, simply lift Door Bin up and pull straight out.
To remove Door Bin, simply lift Door Bin up and pull straight out. 	 talks about 	 Door Bin
To remove Door Bin, simply lift Door Bin up and pull straight out. 	 talks about 	 simply lift Door Bin up and pull straight out
Door Bin 	 should be removed by 	 simply lift Door Bin up and pull straight out
sentence_list_89 	 talks about 	 To assemble Door Bin, slide Door Bin in above the desired support and push down until Door Bin snaps into place.
To assemble Door Bin, slide Door Bin in above the desired support and push down until Door Bin snaps into place. 	 talks about 	 Door Bin
To assemble Door Bin, slide Door Bin in above the desired support and push down until Door Bin snaps into place. 	 talks about 	 slide Door Bin in above the desired support and push down until Door Bin snaps into place
Door Bin 	 should be assembled by 	 slide Door Bin in above the desired support and push down until Door Bin snaps into place
sentence_list_90 	 talks about 	 Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food.
sentence_list_90 	 talks about 	 Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.
sentence_list_90 	 talks about 	 Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.
Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food. 	 talks about 	 Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves
Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food. 	 talks about 	 the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food
Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins. 	 talks about 	 detaching or assembling the storage bins
Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins. 	 talks about 	 Do not apply excessive force
Do not apply excessive force 	 Synchronous 	 detaching or assembling the storage bins
Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves. 	 paraphrase 	 the dishwasher should not be used to clean the storage bins and shelves
the dishwasher should not be used to clean the storage bins and shelves 	 talks about 	 the dishwasher
the dishwasher should not be used to clean the storage bins and shelves 	 talks about 	 to clean the storage bins and shelves
the dishwasher 	 should not be used 	 to clean the storage bins and shelves
Do not apply excessive force 	 paraphrase 	 excessive force should not be applied 
the dishwasher should not be used to clean the storage bins and shelves 	 talks about 	 clean the storage bins
the dishwasher should not be used to clean the storage bins and shelves 	 talks about 	 clean the storage shelves
the dishwasher 	 should not be used to 	 clean the storage bins
the dishwasher 	 should not be used to 	 clean the storage shelves
the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food 	 talks about 	 the storage bins
the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food 	 talks about 	 food
the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food 	 talks about 	 shelves
the storage bins 	 can become easily contaminated by 	 food
shelves 	 can become easily contaminated by 	 food
sentence_list_91 	 talks about 	 The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.
sentence_list_92 	 talks about 	 To remove Door Bin, simply lift Door Bin up and pull straight out.
sentence_list_92 	 talks about 	 To assemble Door Bin, slide Door Bin in above the desired support and push down until Door Bin snaps into place.
sentence_list_93 	 talks about 	 Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food.
sentence_list_93 	 talks about 	 Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.
sentence_list_93 	 talks about 	 Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.
sentence_list_94 	 talks about 	 The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections.
sentence_list_94 	 talks about 	 The Durabase divider can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes.
The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections. 	 talks about 	 The Durabase divider
The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections. 	 talks about 	 you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections
The Durabase divider 	 allows 	 you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections
The Durabase divider can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes. 	 talks about 	 The Durabase divider
The Durabase divider can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes. 	 talks about 	 side
The Durabase divider can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes. 	 talks about 	 accommodate items of different sizes
The Durabase divider 	 can be adjusted to 	 side
The Durabase divider 	 can be adjusted to 	 accommodate items of different sizes
sentence_list_95 	 talks about 	 If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside.
sentence_list_95 	 talks about 	 To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer.
To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer. 	 talks about 	 accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk
To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer. 	 talks about 	 DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer
accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk 	 should be prevented by 	 DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer
If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside. 	 talks about 	 the Durabase divider is removed
If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside. 	 talks about 	 there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside
there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside 	 Condition 	 the Durabase divider is removed
the Durabase divider is removed 	 Follows 	 there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside
there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside 	 talks about 	 for children or pets to crawl inside
there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside 	 talks about 	 there is enough open space
for children or pets to crawl inside 	 talks about 	 children or pets
for children or pets to crawl inside 	 talks about 	 inside
children or pets 	 to crawl 	 inside
