('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Clean the refrigerator')
('Clean the refrigerator', 'description', ['Clean the refrigerator thoroughly and wipe off all dust that accumulated during shipping.'])
('Clean the refrigerator', 'caution', ['Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent that contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator. Remove adhesive residue by wiping it off with your thumb or dish detergent.', 'Do not peel off the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator.'])
('Open refrigerator doors and freezer drawers to ventilate the interior', 'description', ['The inside of the refrigerator may smell like plastic at first. Remove any adhesive tape from inside the refrigerator and open the refrigerator doors and the freezer drawers for ventilation.'])
('Connect the power supply', 'description', ['Check if the power supply is connected before use.'])
('Turn off the icemaker', 'description', ['Turn off the icemaker if the refrigerator is not yet connected to the water supply.', 'The icemaker water valve may buzz if the icemaker is turned on while the refrigerator is not connected to the water supply.'])
('Wait for the refrigerator to cool', 'description', ['Allow the refrigerator to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in it. Check the flow of cold air in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling.'])
('Wait for the refrigerator to cool', 'caution', ['Putting food in the refrigerator before it has cooled could cause the food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator.'])
('The refrigerator makes a loud noise after initial operation', 'description', ['This is normal. The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases.'])
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Open refrigerator doors and freezer drawers to ventilate the interior')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Connect the power supply')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Turn off the icemaker')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Wait for the refrigerator to cool')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'The refrigerator makes a loud noise after initial operation')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Control Panel')
('Control Panel', 'summary', ['Depending on the model, some of the following functions may not be available.', 'The actual control panel may differ from model to model.'])
('Control Panel', 'have_features', 'Control Panel Features')
('Control Panel Features', 'description', ['When the refrigerator is in the Power Saving Mode, the display remains off until a door is opened or a button is pressed. Once on, the display remains on for 20 seconds.'])
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Ice Plus')
('Ice Plus', 'description', ['This function increases both ice making and freezing capabilities.', 'Press the Ice Plus button to illuminate the icon and activate the function for 24 hours. The function automatically shuts off after 24 hours. Stop the function manually by pressing the button once more.'])
('Smart Grid', 'description', ['Press the Smart Grid button to turn the function On/Off. When the function is on, the icon illuminates. The function automatically turns on when the refrigerator is connected to the WihphFi network.', 'When the refrigerator is responding to a Demand Response (DR) message from the electric company, the Grid text illuminates.'])
('Freezer', 'description', ['Indicates the set temperature of the freezer compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default freezer temperature is 0°F (hph18 °C). Press the Freezer button repeatedly to select a new set temperature fromhph6 °F to 8 °F (hph21 °C tohph13 °C).'])
('Refrigerator', 'description', ['Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default refrigerator temperature is 37 °F (3 °C). Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 °F to 46 °F (1 °C to 8 °C).', 'To change the temperature mode from °F to °C (or vice versa) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.', 'The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. The actual refrigerator temperature depends on the food inside the refrigerator.'])
('Fresh Air Filter', 'description', ['Replace the air filter when the g icon turns on. After replacing the air filter, press and hold the Fresh Air Filter button for three seconds to turn the icon light off. Replace the air filter approximately every six months.', 'Refer to the Replacing the Fresh Air Filter section for details.', 'The Fresh Air Filter helps remove odors from the refrigerator. The Fresh Air Filter has two settings, Auto and Power. In Auto mode, the Fresh Air Filter cycles on and off in increments of ten minutes on and 110 minutes off. If set to the Power mode, the Fresh Air Filter stays on continuously for four hours, cycling on and off in increments of ten minutes on and five minutes off. After four hours, the Fresh Air Filter switches back to Auto mode.', 'Press the Fresh Air Filter button repeatedly to toggle between Power mode and Auto mode.'])
('Lock', 'have_features', 'The lock function disables every other button on the display')
('The lock function disables every other button on the display', 'description', ['When power is initially connected to the refrigerator, the lock function is off.', 'To lock the control panel buttons, press and hold the Lock button until the k icon appears in the display and the function is activated.', 'To disable the function, press and hold the Lock button for approximately three seconds.'])
('Water Filter', 'description', ['Replace the water filter when the h icon turns on. After replacing the water filter, press and hold the Water Filter button for three seconds to turn the icon light off. Replace the water filter approximately every six months.'])
('WihphFi', 'description', ['The WihphFi button, when used with the LG ThinQ app, allows the refrigerator to connect to a home WihphFi network. Refer to Smart Functions for information on the initial setup of the application.', "The f icon shows the status of the refrigerator's network connection. The icon illuminates when the refrigerator is connected to the WihphFi network.", 'Press and hold the WihphFi button for 3 seconds to connect to the network. The icon blinks while the connection is being made, then turns on once the connection is successfully made.'])
('Water & Ice Type', 'description', ['Select the desired dispenser mode from the buttons on the dispenser control panel. Press the dispenser switch with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice.'])
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Smart Grid')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Freezer')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Refrigerator')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Fresh Air Filter')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Lock')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Water Filter')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'WihphFi')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Water & Ice Type')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Display Mode (For Store Use Only)')
('Display Mode (For Store Use Only)', 'description', ['The Display Mode disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store. When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds.'])
('Display Mode (For Store Use Only)', 'deactivate', ['With either refrigerator door opened, press and hold the Refrigerator and Ice Plus buttons at the same time for 5 seconds. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.'])
('Display Mode (For Store Use Only)', 'activate', ['With either refrigerator door opened, press and hold the Refrigerator and Ice Plus buttons at the same time for 5 seconds. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.'])
('Sabbath Mode', 'summary', ['This feature is only available on some models.'])
('Sabbath Mode', 'Using.description', ['Sabbath mode automatically turns off after 96 hours.', 'Once turned on, Sabbath mode is maintained even after a power outage.', 'Selecting Sabbath mode automatically turns off the alarm functions.', 'The dispenser and InstaView are disabled in Sabbath mode, on applicable models.'])
('Sabbath Mode', 'Using', 'Sabbath mode is used on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays')
('Sabbath mode is used on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays', 'description', ['To turn Sabbath mode on, touch the display to activate it, then press and hold the Freezer and WihphFi buttons for 3 seconds until appears in the display.', 'To turn Sabbath mode off manually, press and hold the Freezer and WihphFi buttons for 3 seconds.'])
('Ice and Water Dispenser', 'Before_Using.description', ['The dispenser will not operate when either of the refrigerator doors is open.', 'If discolored ice is dispensed, check the water filter and water supply. If the problem continues, contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center. Do not use the water or ice until the problem is corrected.', 'Dispense ice into a glass before filling it with water or other beverages. Splashing may occur if ice is dispensed into a glass that already contains liquid.', 'Some dripping may occur after dispensing. Hold the cup beneath the dispenser for a few seconds after dispensing to catch all of the drops.', 'Keep containers at an appropriate distance from the dispensers. Tall, narrow glasses should be held far enough from the ice outlet to prevent ice from jamming in the ice chute. A container with a very small opening should be held as close to the dispenser as possible to avoid spilling.'])
('Ice and Water Dispenser', 'Before_Using.caution', ['Keep children away from the dispenser. Children may play with or damage the controls.', 'Throw away the first bin full of ice (about 140hph160 cubes) after installation. The first ice and water dispensed may include particles or odor from the water supply line or the water tank. This is also necessary if the refrigerator has not been used for a long time.', 'Dispense and throw away 2.5 gallons of water (flush for approximately 5 minutes) after installation. Do not dispense the entire 2.5 gallon amount continuously. Press and release the dispenser pad for cycles of 30 seconds ON and 60 seconds OFF. This is also necessary if the refrigerator has not been used for a long time.', 'If ice or water dispenses unexpectedly, turn off the water supply and contact an LG Electronics Customer Information Center.', 'Never use a glass that is exceptionally narrow or deep. Ice may jam in the ice passage and refrigerator performance may be affected.', 'When dispensing ice from the dispenser, do not use a fragile container.'])
('Ice and Water Dispenser', 'Using.procedure.steps', ['Press the button for the desired dispenser mode on the dispenser control panel. The LED lights up when the mode is selected.', 'Press the dispenser paddle a with a glass or other container to dispense cubed ice, water or crushed ice.'])
('Ice and Water Dispenser', 'Locking', ['Press and hold the Lock button for three seconds to lock the dispenser and all the control panel functions. Follow the same instructions to unlock.'])
('Ice and Water Dispenser', 'have_features', 'Dispenser')
('Dispenser', 'Cleaning', 'Ice and Water Outlet')
('Ice and Water Outlet', 'Cleaning.description', ['Wipe the water outlet a or ice outlet b frequently with a clean, lint free cloth as it may get dirty easily.', 'Lint from a cloth may adhere to the outlets.'])
('Dispenser Tray', 'Cleaning', ['Wipe the entire area with a damp cloth. The dispenser tray may become wet easily due to spilled ice or water.'])
('Dispenser', 'Cleaning', 'Dispenser Tray')
('Ice Compartment', 'summary.prerequisites.description', ['Keep the ice compartment door closed tightly. If the ice compartment door is not closed tightly, the cold air in the ice bin will freeze food in the refrigerator compartment. This could also cause the icemaker to stop producing ice.'])
('Ice Compartment', 'summary.prerequisites.caution', ['Keep hands and tools out of the ice compartment door and dispenser chute. Failure to do so may result in damage or personal injury.'])
('Ice Compartment', 'have_features', 'InhphDoor Ice Bin')
('InhphDoor Ice Bin', 'description', ['The icemaker stops producing ice when the indoor ice bin is full. To make room for additional ice, empty the ice bin into the extra ice bin in the freezer compartment. During use, the ice may stack unevenly in the bin, causing the icemaker to misread the number of ice cubes and stop producing ice. Shaking the ice bin to level the ice within it can reduce this problem.', 'If the icemaker is turned OFF for an extended period of time, the ice compartment will gradually warm up to the temperature of the refrigerator compartment. To prevent ice cubes from melting and leaking from the dispenser, ALWAYS empty the ice bin when the icemaker is turned OFF for more than a few hours.', 'The ice passage may become blocked with frost if only crushed ice is used. Remove the frost that accumulates by removing the ice bin and clearing the passage with a rubber spatula. Dispensing cubed ice can also help prevent frost buildup.'])
('InhphDoor Ice Bin', 'caution', ['When handling the ice bin, keep hands away from the icemaker tray area to avoid personal injury.', 'Storing cans or other items in the ice bin will damage the icemaker.', 'Never use thin crystal glasses or containers to collect ice. Such containers may chip or break resulting in glass fragments in the ice.'])
('InhphDoor Ice Bin', 'Detaching.caution', ['Only qualified service personnel from an LG Electronics service center should disassemble or repair the icemaker.'])
('InhphDoor Ice Bin', 'Detaching.procedure.steps', ['Gently pull the handle to open the ice compartment.', 'To remove the inhphdoor ice bin, grip the front handle, slightly lift the bottom, and slowly pull out the bin as shown.'])
('InhphDoor Ice Bin', 'Assembling.caution', ['When handling the ice bin, keep hands away from the icemaker tray area to avoid personal injury.', 'Avoid touching the auto shutoff (feeler arm) when replacing the ice bin. See the label on the ice compartment door for details.'])
('InhphDoor Ice Bin', 'Assembling.procedure.steps', ['Carefully insert the inhphdoor ice bin, slanting the top slightly to fit it under the icemaker.', 'Gently push the handle to close the ice compartment.'])
('Automatic Icemaker', 'summary.prerequisites.warning', ['DO NOT place fingers in the automatic icemaker when the refrigerator is plugged in.', 'Avoid contact with any moving parts of the ejector mechanism or with the heater that releases the ice cubes.'])
('Automatic Icemaker', 'have_features', 'InhphDoor Icemaker')
('InhphDoor Icemaker', 'have_features', ['Icemaker', 'Power Switch', 'Icehphdetecting Sensor', 'Auto Shutoff (feeler arm)'])
('InhphDoor Icemaker', 'Before_Using.description', ['Ice is made in the automatic inhphdoor icemaker and sent to the dispenser. The icemaker produces 70hph182 cubes in a 24hphhour period, depending on freezer compartment temperature, room temperature, number of door openings and other operating conditions.', 'It takes about 12 to 24 hours for a newly installed refrigerator to begin making ice.', 'Icehphmaking stops when the inhphdoor ice bin is full. When full, the inhphdoor ice bin holds approximately 6 to 8 (12hph16 oz.) glasses of ice.', 'Foreign substances or frost on the icehphdetecting sensor can interrupt ice production. Make sure the sensor area is clean at all times for proper operation.', 'To increase ice production, use the Ice Plus function. The function increases both ice making and freezing capabilities.'])
('Freezer Icemaker', 'Before_Using.description', ['This feature is only available on some models.', 'The feature may vary depending on model purchased.', 'Throw away the first bin full of ice (about 140hph160 cubes) after installation. This is also necessary if the refrigerator has not been used for a long time.', 'The icemaker begins producing ice approximately 48 hours after the appliance is initially installed.', 'The sound of ice dropping into the ice bin is normal.', 'If the ice bin is completely filled with ice, ice production will stop.', 'The amount and shape of ice may vary according to the environment (ambient temperature around the appliance, frequency of the door being opened, amount of food stored in the appliance, water pressure, etc.).', 'In the event of a power outage, throw away the ice stored in the ice bin.'])
('Freezer Icemaker (Cubed Ice)', 'description', ['This feature is only available on some models.', 'This automatic freezer icemaker produces 12 cubes at a time, 50hph110 pieces within a 24 hour period if conditions are favorable. This amount may vary according to the environment (ambient temperature around the appliance, frequency of the door being opened, amount of food stored in the appliance, etc.).', 'Ice cubes which are stored in the ice bin for a long time may clump together and be difficult to separate. If this happens, empty the ice bin completely and clean it before reinstalling it.'])
('Freezer Icemaker (Cubed Ice)', 'have_features', ['Feeler Arm', 'Power Switch'])
('Icemaker', 'Turning_On', ['To turn the automatic icemaker On/Off, press the power switch on the icemaker to the ON ( | ) or OFF (O) position.'])
('Icemaker', 'Turning_Off', ['To turn the automatic icemaker On/Off, press the power switch on the icemaker to the ON ( | ) or OFF (O) position.'])
('Normal Sounds You May Hear', 'description', ['Keeping the power turned on to the icemaker before the water line is connected can damage the icemaker.', 'The icemaker water valve buzzes as the icemaker fills with water. If the icemaker power button is in the ON position, it will buzz even if it has not yet been hooked up to water. To stop the buzzing, press the icemaker power button to turn it off.', 'You will hear the sound of ice dropping into the bin and water running in the pipes as the icemaker refills.'])
('Preparing for Vacation', 'description', ['Set the icemaker power button to OFF and shut off the water supply to the refrigerator.', 'If the ambient temperature will drop below freezing, have a qualified technician drain the water supply system to prevent serious property damage due to flooding caused by ruptured water lines or connections.', 'The ice bin should be emptied any time the icemaker power button is turned to the OFF position.'])
('Automatic Icemaker', 'have_features', 'Freezer Icemaker')
('Automatic Icemaker', 'have_features', 'Freezer Icemaker (Cubed Ice)')
('Automatic Icemaker', 'have_features', 'Icemaker')
('Automatic Icemaker', 'have_features', 'Normal Sounds You May Hear')
('Automatic Icemaker', 'have_features', 'Preparing for Vacation')
('Food', 'Storing', 'Food Storage Tips')
('Food Storage Tips', 'description', ['Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisturehphproof material unless otherwise noted. This prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. For dated products, check date code to ensure freshness.'])
('Food Storage Tips', 'caution', ['Do not overfill or pack items too tightly into door bins. Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force.', 'Do not store glass containers in the freezer. Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury.'])
('Food Storage Tips', 'How_to_Store_Food', 'Butter or Margarine')
('Butter or Margarine', 'description', ['Keep opened butter in covered dish or closed compartment. When storing an extra supply, wrap in freezer packaging and freeze.'])
('Cheese', 'description', ['Store in original wrapping until used. Once opened, rewrap tightly in plastic wrap or aluminum foil.'])
('Milk', 'description', ['Wipe milk cartons. For coldest milk, place containers on an interior shelf.'])
('Eggs', 'description', ['Store in original carton on interior shelf, not on door shelf.'])
('Fruit', 'description', ['Do not wash or hull fruit until it is ready to be used. Sort and keep fruit in original container in a crisper, or store in completely closed paper bag on refrigerator shelf.'])
('Leafy Vegetables', 'description', ['Remove store wrapping, trim or tear off bruised and discolored areas, wash in cold water, and drain. Place in plastic bag or plastic container and store in crisper.'])
('Vegetables with skins (carrots, peppers)', 'description', ['Place in plastic bags or plastic container and store in crisper.'])
('Fish', 'description', ['Freeze fresh fish and shellfish if they are not being eaten the same day purchased. Eating fresh fish and shellfish the same day purchased is recommended.'])
('Leftovers', 'description', ['Cover leftovers with plastic wrap or aluminum foil, or store in plastic containers with tight lids.'])
('Food Storage Tips', 'How_to_Store_Food', 'Cheese')
('Food Storage Tips', 'How_to_Store_Food', 'Milk')
('Food Storage Tips', 'How_to_Store_Food', 'Eggs')
('Food Storage Tips', 'How_to_Store_Food', 'Fruit')
('Food Storage Tips', 'How_to_Store_Food', 'Leafy Vegetables')
('Food Storage Tips', 'How_to_Store_Food', 'Vegetables with skins (carrots, peppers)')
('Food Storage Tips', 'How_to_Store_Food', 'Fish')
('Food Storage Tips', 'How_to_Store_Food', 'Leftovers')
('Frozen Food', 'Storing.description', ['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come into direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If doors are opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'])
('Frozen Food', 'Storing.Freezing', ['Your freezer will not quickhphfreeze a large quantity of food. Do not put more unfrozen food into the freezer than will freeze within 24 hours (no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space). Leave enough space in the freezer for air to circulate around packages. Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.', 'Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used (how airtight and moisturehphproof) and the storage temperature. Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. This simply means that moisture in the food and air inside the package have condensed, creating ice crystals.'])
('Frozen Food', 'Storing.Packaging.description', ['Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. When you close and seal the package, it must not allow air or moisture in or out. If it does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food.', 'Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods.'])
('Frozen Food', 'Storing.Packaging.Packaging_recommendations', ['Rigid plastic containers with tighthphfitting lids', 'Straighthphsided canning/freezing jars', 'Heavyhphduty aluminum foil', 'Plastichphcoated paper', 'Nonhphpermeable plastic wraps', 'Specified freezerhphgrade selfhphsealing plastic bags'])
('Frozen Food', 'Storing.Packaging.Do_not_use', ['Bread wrappers', 'Nonhphpolyethylene plastic containers', 'Containers without tight lids', 'Wax paper or waxhphcoated freezer wrap', 'Thin, semihphpermeable wrap'])
('Food', 'Storing', 'Frozen Food')
('Humidity Controlled Crispers', 'Using.description', ['This feature is only available on some models.', 'The crispers provide fresher tasting fruit and vegetables by letting you easily control humidity inside the drawer.', 'You can control the amount of humidity in the moisturehphsealed crispers by adjusting the control to any setting between Vegetables and Fruit.', 'Vegetables keeps moist air in the crisper for best storage of fresh, leafy vegetables.', 'Fruit lets moist air out of the crisper for best storage of fruit.'])
('Humidity Controlled Crispers', 'Removing.procedure.steps', ['Open the doors completely and remove the contents of the DoorhphinhphDoor case. Lift up and pull out the DoorhphinhphDoor case.', 'The DoorhphinhphDoor feature is only available on some models.', 'Pull out the crisper to full extension, lift the front up, and pull straight out.', 'Lift the front of the cover up with both hands until it detaches from the back wall of the cabinet, then pull it out.', 'To reassemble, insert the cover into the refrigerator with both hands and lower it onto the guides.', 'Slightly tilt up the front, insert the crisper into the frame and push it back into place.', 'Line up the tabs on the DoorhphinhphDoor case with the slots on the door and push down until it snaps into place.', 'The DoorhphinhphDoor feature is only available on some models.'])
('Humidity Controlled Crispers', 'Assembling.procedure.steps', ['Open the doors completely and remove the contents of the DoorhphinhphDoor case. Lift up and pull out the DoorhphinhphDoor case.', 'The DoorhphinhphDoor feature is only available on some models.', 'Pull out the crisper to full extension, lift the front up, and pull straight out.', 'Lift the front of the cover up with both hands until it detaches from the back wall of the cabinet, then pull it out.', 'To reassemble, insert the cover into the refrigerator with both hands and lower it onto the guides.', 'Slightly tilt up the front, insert the crisper into the frame and push it back into place.', 'Line up the tabs on the DoorhphinhphDoor case with the slots on the door and push down until it snaps into place.', 'The DoorhphinhphDoor feature is only available on some models.'])
('Glide‘N’Serve', 'Using.description', ['This function provides storage space with a variable temperature control that can keep the compartment at a slightly different temperature than the refrigerator section. This drawer can be used for large party trays, deli items and beverages. (This drawer should not be used to store vegetables that require high humidity.)', 'Press the Select button to choose between Produce (Cold), Deli (Colder) and Meat (Coldest).'])
('Glide‘N’Serve', 'Using.caution', ["Do not place any items on the Glide'N'Serve cover."])
('Glide‘N’Serve', 'Detaching.procedure.steps', ["To remove the Glide'N'Serve, pull out the drawer until it stops, lift the front up, and pull straight out.", 'To assemble, slightly tilt up the front, insert the drawer into the frame and push it back into place.'])
('Glide‘N’Serve', 'Assembling.procedure.steps', ["To remove the Glide'N'Serve, pull out the drawer until it stops, lift the front up, and pull straight out.", 'To assemble, slightly tilt up the front, insert the drawer into the frame and push it back into place.'])
('Refrigerator Shelves', 'summary', ['The shelves in the refrigerator are adjustable to meet individual storage needs.', 'Adjusting the shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier.'])
('Refrigerator Shelves', 'have_features', 'Folding Shelf')
('Folding Shelf', 'Using.description', ['This feature is only available on some models.', 'Store taller items, such as a gallon container or bottles, by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf. Pull the front of the shelf forward to return to a full shelf.'])
('Folding Shelf', 'Using.caution', ['Glass shelves are heavy. Use special care when removing them.', 'Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'])
('Shelf', 'Detaching.caution', ['Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'])
('Shelf', 'Detaching.procedure.steps', ['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf and lift the shelf straight up.', 'Pull the shelf out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.'])
('Shelf', 'Assembling.caution', ['Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'])
('Shelf', 'Assembling.procedure.steps', ['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf and lift the shelf straight up.', 'Pull the shelf out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.'])
('Refrigerator Shelves', 'have_features', 'Shelf')
('DoorhphinhphDoor', 'summary', ['This feature is only available on some models.', 'The DoorhphinhphDoor compartment allows for easy access to commonly used food items.'])
('DoorhphinhphDoor', 'have_features', 'DoorhphinhphDoor Compartment')
('DoorhphinhphDoor Compartment', 'description', ['To access the DoorhphinhphDoor compartment, lightly press the button on the right refrigerator door handle.'])
('DoorhphinhphDoor Bin', 'description', ['The DoorhphinhphDoor inner and outer door bins are removable for easy cleaning.'])
('DoorhphinhphDoor Bin', 'procedure.steps', ['To remove the door bins, lift up and pull out.', 'To replace the door bins, slide the door bin in above the desired support and push down until it snaps into place.'])
('DoorhphinhphDoor Case', 'description', ['To open the DoorhphinhphDoor case, press on the area marked Pull to open. The case is removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.'])
('DoorhphinhphDoor Case', 'procedure.steps', ['To remove the case, lift up and pull out.', 'To replace the case, line up the tabs on the case with the slots on the door and push down until it snaps into place.'])
('DoorhphinhphDoor', 'have_features', 'DoorhphinhphDoor Bin')
('DoorhphinhphDoor', 'have_features', 'DoorhphinhphDoor Case')
('Door Bins', 'have_features', 'Door Bin')
('Door Bin', 'Detaching.description', ['The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.'])
('Door Bin', 'Detaching.procedure.steps', ['To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out.', 'To assemble the bin, slide it in above the desired support and push down until it snaps into place.'])
('Door Bin', 'Detaching.caution', ['Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; they can become easily contaminated by food.', 'Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.', 'Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.'])
('Door Bin', 'Assembling.description', ['The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.'])
('Door Bin', 'Assembling.procedure.steps', ['To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out.', 'To assemble the bin, slide it in above the desired support and push down until it snaps into place.'])
('Door Bin', 'Assembling.caution', ['Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; they can become easily contaminated by food.', 'Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.', 'Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.'])
('Durabase', 'Using.description', ['The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections. It can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes.'])
('Durabase', 'Using.warning', ['If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside. To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer.'])
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Sabbath Mode')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Ice and Water Dispenser')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Ice Compartment')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Automatic Icemaker')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Food')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Humidity Controlled Crispers')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Glide‘N’Serve')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Refrigerator Shelves')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'DoorhphinhphDoor')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Door Bins')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Durabase')
