['LRMNC1803', 'LRMNC1813']
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Clean the refrigerator')
('Clean the refrigerator', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Clean the refrigerator thoroughly and wipe off all dust that accumulated during shipping.'])
('Clean the refrigerator', 'caution', ['Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent that contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator. Remove adhesive residue by wiping it off with your thumb or dish detergent.', 'Do not peel off the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator.'])
('Open refrigerator doors and freezer drawers to ventilate the interior', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['The inside of the refrigerator may smell like plastic at first. Remove any adhesive tape from inside the refrigerator and open the refrigerator doors and the freezer drawers for ventilation.'])
('Connect the power supply', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Check if the power supply is connected before use.'])
('Wait for the refrigerator to cool', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Allow the refrigerator to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in it. Check the flow of cold air in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling.'])
('Wait for the refrigerator to cool', 'caution', ['Putting food in the refrigerator before it has cooled could cause the food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator.'])
('The refrigerator makes a loud noise after initial operation', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['This is normal. The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases.'])
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Open refrigerator doors and freezer drawers to ventilate the interior')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Connect the power supply')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Wait for the refrigerator to cool')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'The refrigerator makes a loud noise after initial operation')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Control Panel')
('Control Panel', 'summary', ['Depending on the model, some of the following functions may not be available.', 'The actual control panel may differ from model to model.'])
('Control Panel', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Control Panel Features')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Freezer')
('Freezer', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Indicates the set temperature of the freezer compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default freezer temperature is 0°F (hph18 °C). Press the Freezer button repeatedly to select a new set temperature fromhph7 °F to 5 °F (hph23 °C tohph15 °C).'])
('Refrigerator', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default refrigerator temperature is 37 °F (3 °C). Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 °F to 43 °F (1 °C to 7 °C).', 'To change the temperature mode from °F to °C (or vice versa) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.', 'The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. The actual refrigerator temperature depends on the food inside the refrigerator.'])
('Vacation', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption when you are away from home for a few days.', 'Press the Vacation button to turn the function off or on. The LED stays lit when the function is on.', 'When this function is on, the other buttons on the control panel are locked. When you return home, remember to turn this function off to unlock the other buttons and return the refrigerator to its previous temperature settings.'])
('Express Frz', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'This function increases freezing capability')
('This function increases freezing capability', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['To activate, press and hold the Express Frz. button until the LED lights up on the control panel. The function operates for about 24 hours, then turns off automatically.', 'To deactivate the function manually, press and hold the Express Frz. button.'])
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Refrigerator')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Vacation')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Express Frz')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Display Mode (For Store Use Only)')
('Display Mode (For Store Use Only)', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['The Display Mode disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store. When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds.'])
('Display Mode (For Store Use Only)', 'deactivate', ['With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.'])
('Display Mode (For Store Use Only)', 'activate', ['With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.'])
('Sabbath Mode', 'using.description', ['Sabbath mode automatically turns off after 96 hours.', 'Once turned on, Sabbath mode is maintained even after a power outage.', 'Selecting Sabbath mode automatically turns off the Alarm functions.'])
('Sabbath Mode', 'using', 'Sabbath mode is used on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays')
('Sabbath mode is used on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['To turn Sabbath mode on, touch the display to activate it, then press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds until appears in the display.', 'To turn Sabbath mode off manually, press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds.'])
('Storing Food', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Food')
('Food', 'storing', 'Food Storage Tips')
('Food Storage Tips', 'description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisturehphproof material unless otherwise noted. This prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. For dated products, check date code to ensure freshness.'])
('Food Storage Tips', 'caution', ['Do not overfill or pack items too tightly into door bins. Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force.', 'Do not store glass containers in the freezer. Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury.'])
('Storing Frozen Food', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Frozen Food')
('Frozen Food', 'storing.description', ['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'])
('Frozen Food', 'storing.Freezing', ['Your freezer will not quickhphfreeze a large quantity of food. Do not put more unfrozen food into the freezer than will freeze within 24 hours (no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space). Leave enough space in the freezer for air to circulate around packages. Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.', 'Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used (how airtight and moisturehphproof) and the storage temperature. Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. This simply means that moisture in the food and air inside the package have condensed, creating ice crystals.'])
('Frozen Food', 'storing.Packaging.description', ['Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. When you close and seal the package, it must not allow air or moisture in or out. If it does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food.', 'Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods.'])
('Frozen Food', 'storing.Packaging.Packaging_recommendations', ['Rigid plastic containers with tighthphfitting lids', 'Straighthphsided canning/freezing jars', 'Heavyhphduty aluminum foil', 'Plastichphcoated paper', 'Nonhphpermeable plastic wraps', 'Specified freezerhphgrade selfhphsealing plastic bags'])
('Frozen Food', 'storing.Packaging.Do_not_use', ['Bread wrappers', 'Nonhphpolyethylene plastic containers', 'Containers without tight lids', 'Wax paper or waxhphcoated freezer wrap', 'Thin, semihphpermeable wrap'])
('Food', 'storing', 'Storing Frozen Food')
('Refrigerator Shelves', 'summary', ['The shelves in the refrigerator are adjustable to meet individual storage needs.', 'Adjusting the shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier.'])
('Refrigerator Shelves', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Using the Folding Shelf')
('Using the Folding Shelf', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Folding Shelf')
('Folding Shelf', 'using.description', ['Store taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf. Pull the front of the shelf forward to return to a full shelf.'])
('Folding Shelf', 'using.caution', ['Glass shelves are heavy. Use special care when removing them.', 'Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'])
('Detaching/Assembling the Full Width Shelf', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Full Width Shelf')
('Full Width Shelf', 'Detaching.caution', ['Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'])
('Full Width Shelf', 'Detaching.procedure.steps', ['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf then lift the shelf straight up at the back.', 'Tilt the shelf at an angle and pull it out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.'])
('Full Width Shelf', 'Assembling.caution', ['Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'])
('Full Width Shelf', 'Assembling.procedure.steps', ['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf then lift the shelf straight up at the back.', 'Tilt the shelf at an angle and pull it out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.'])
('Refrigerator Shelves', 'have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Detaching/Assembling the Full Width Shelf')
('Crisper Drawers', 'removing.caution', ['Remove items from on top of the glass cover before removing the cover.', 'Take care when handling the glass cover. There is still a risk of injury if the glass is broken, even though it is tempered glass.', 'Take care when removing or assembling the cover not to catch hands between the cover and the drawers.'])
('Crisper Drawers', 'removing.procedure.steps', ['Lift the front of one drawer to remove it from its guides and pull straight out. Repeat to remove the second drawer.', 'Lift the front of the cover with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand.', 'Tilt the cover 45 degrees and pull it forward to remove it.'])
('Crisper Drawers', 'assembling.procedure.steps', ['Hold the cover at a 45hphdegree angle and insert it into the refrigerator.', 'Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower it onto the guides. Push the cover back into place.', 'Tilt up the front of one drawer and insert the rollers into the side guides. Lower the drawer and push it in. Repeat with second drawer.'])
('Door Bins', 'Detaching.description', ['The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.'])
('Door Bins', 'Detaching.procedure.steps', ['To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out.', 'To replace the bin, slide it in above the desired support and push down until it snaps into place.'])
('Door Bins', 'Detaching.caution', ['Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; they can become easily contaminated by food.', 'Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.', 'Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.'])
('Door Bins', 'Assembling.description', ['The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.'])
('Door Bins', 'Assembling.procedure.steps', ['To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out.', 'To replace the bin, slide it in above the desired support and push down until it snaps into place.'])
('Door Bins', 'Assembling.caution', ['Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; they can become easily contaminated by food.', 'Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.', 'Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.'])
('Durabase', 'using.description', ['The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections. It can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes.'])
('Durabase', 'using.warning', ['If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside. To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer.'])
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Sabbath Mode')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Storing Food')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Refrigerator Shelves')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Crisper Drawers')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Door Bins')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Durabase')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'INSTALLATION.Before_Installing', 'Installation Overview')
('Installation Overview', 'description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Please read the following installation instructions first after purchasing this product or transporting it to another location.'])
('Installation Overview', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Unpacking the Refrigerator', 'Choosing the Proper Location', 'Disassembling/Assembling', 'Leveling and Door Alignment'])
('Unpacking the Refrigerator', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Refrigerator')
('Refrigerator', 'unpacking.description', ['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.'])
('Refrigerator', 'unpacking.warning', ['Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury.', 'The refrigerator is heavy. Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving it. Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move it, as floor damage could occur.', 'Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'])
('REFRIGERATOR', 'INSTALLATION.Before_Installing', 'Unpacking the Refrigerator')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'INSTALLATION', 'Choosing the Proper Location')
('Choosing the Proper Location', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Proper Location')
('Proper Location', 'choosing', 'Electricity')
('Electricity', 'description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Use an individual, grounded outlet115 Volts, 60 Hz, AC, 15 Amps minimum.'])
('Electricity', 'warning', ['Do not overload house wiring and cause a fire hazard by plugging in multiple appliances in the same outlet with the refrigerator.', 'To reduce the risk of electric shock, do not install the refrigerator in a wet or damp area.'])
('Flooring', 'description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['To avoid noise and vibration, the unit must be installed and leveled on a solidly constructed floor. If required, adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor.', 'Installing on carpeting, soft tile surfaces, a platform or weakly supported structure is not recommended.'])
('Ambient Temperature', 'description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Install this appliance in an area where the temperature is between 55 °F (13 °C) and 110 °F (43 °C).', 'If the temperature around the appliance is too low or high, cooling ability may be adversely affected.'])
('Dimensions and Clearances', 'description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings.', 'If an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through, remove the refrigerator doors. See Removing/Assembling the Doors and Drawers in this manual.', 'The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the unit for connections and airflow and space in front to open the doors and drawers.', 'Too small of a distance from adjacent items may result in lowered freezing capability and increased electricity consumption charges. Allow at least 24 inches (610 mm) in front of the refrigerator to open the doors, and at least 2 inches (50 mm) between the back of the refrigerator and the wall.'])
('Proper Location', 'choosing', 'Flooring')
('Proper Location', 'choosing', 'Ambient Temperature')
('Proper Location', 'choosing', 'Dimensions and Clearances')
('Removing/Assembling Doors and Drawers', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Doors and Drawers')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Removing.summary.description', ['If the entrance door is too narrow for the refrigerator to pass through, remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the doorway.'])
('Doors and Drawers', 'Removing.summary.prerequisites.warning', ['Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers.', 'Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing.', 'Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator.', 'Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever.', 'Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers.', 'Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off.'])
('Doors and Drawers', 'Removing.summary', 'Tools Needed')
('Tools Needed', 'description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['3/32 in. Allen wrench', '1/8 in. Allen wrench', '1/4 in. Allen wrench'])
('Doors and Drawers', 'Removing', 'Removing the Hinge Cover')
('Removing the Hinge Cover', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Hinge Cover')
('Hinge Cover', 'removing', ['Remove the screws from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator. Lift the hook (not visible), located at the bottom of the front side of the cover with a flathphhead screwdriver.'])
('Removing the Left Refrigerator Door', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Left Refrigerator Door')
('Left Refrigerator Door', 'removing.procedure.steps', ['Disconnect all the wire harnesses a. Unscrew the ground wire b.', 'Rotate the hinge lever c counterclockwise. Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'])
('Removing the Right Refrigerator Door', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Right Refrigerator Door')
('Right Refrigerator Door', 'removing.procedure.steps', ['Detach all the wire harnesses a.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.', 'Rotate the hinge lever b clockwise. Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'])
('Removing the Freezer Drawers', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Freezer Drawers')
('Freezer Drawers', 'removing.warning', ['Use two or more people to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer.', 'Be careful of sharp hinges on both sides of the drawer.', 'When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor.', 'Do not sit or stand on the freezer drawer.', 'To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer. Do not leave the drawer open. If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the freezer drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside.'])
('Freezer Drawers', 'removing.procedure.steps', ['Pull the drawer open to full extension. Remove the Durabase basket from the rails.', 'Remove the screws from the rails at both ends.', 'Grip both sides of the drawer and pull it up to remove it from the rails.', 'Hold both rails and push them in simultaneously.'])
('Assembling the Freezer Drawer', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Freezer Drawer')
('Freezer Drawer', 'assembling.procedure.steps', ['Pull out both rails simultaneously until they are fully extended.', 'Grasp the drawer on each side and hook the drawer supports into the rail tabs located on both sides.', 'Lower the door into its final position and insert the screws in the rails on both sides.', 'Insert the basket into the frame, and push the drawer back until it clicks into place.'])
('Assembling the Right Refrigerator Door', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Right Refrigerator Door')
('Right Refrigerator Door', 'assembling.caution', ['Install the righthphside door first.'])
('Right Refrigerator Door', 'assembling.procedure.steps', ['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Lower the door onto the middle hinge pin as shown in the figure.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c counterclockwise to secure the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses d.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.'])
('Assembling the Left Refrigerator Door', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Left Refrigerator Door')
('Left Refrigerator Door', 'assembling.caution', ['Install the left refrigerator door after the right door is installed.'])
('Left Refrigerator Door', 'assembling.procedure.steps', ['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Install the refrigerator door onto the middle hinge.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c clockwise and fasten the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses and the ground screw.'])
('Assembling the Hinge Cover', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Hinge Cover')
('Hinge Cover', 'assembling', ['Position the hinge cover in its place. Insert and tighten the cover screws.'])
('Doors and Drawers', 'Removing', 'Removing the Left Refrigerator Door')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Removing', 'Removing the Right Refrigerator Door')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Removing', 'Removing the Freezer Drawers')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Removing', 'Assembling the Freezer Drawer')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Removing', 'Assembling the Right Refrigerator Door')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Removing', 'Assembling the Left Refrigerator Door')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Removing', 'Assembling the Hinge Cover')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Assembling.summary.description', ['If the entrance door is too narrow for the refrigerator to pass through, remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the doorway.'])
('Doors and Drawers', 'Assembling.summary.prerequisites.warning', ['Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers.', 'Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing.', 'Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator.', 'Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever.', 'Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers.', 'Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off.'])
('Doors and Drawers', 'Assembling.summary', 'Tools Needed')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Assembling', 'Removing the Hinge Cover')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Assembling', 'Removing the Left Refrigerator Door')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Assembling', 'Removing the Right Refrigerator Door')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Assembling', 'Removing the Freezer Drawers')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Assembling', 'Assembling the Freezer Drawer')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Assembling', 'Assembling the Right Refrigerator Door')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Assembling', 'Assembling the Left Refrigerator Door')
('Doors and Drawers', 'Assembling', 'Assembling the Hinge Cover')
('Leveling and Door Alignment', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Leveling')
('Leveling', 'description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['The refrigerator has two front leveling legs. Adjust the legs to alter the tilt from fronthphtohphback or sidehphto side. If the refrigerator seems unsteady, or the doors do not close easily, adjust the refrigerator’s tilt using the instructions below'])
('Leveling', 'procedure.steps', ['Turn the leveling leg to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower it. It may take several turns of the leveling leg to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator.', 'A flare nut wrench works best, but an openhphend wrench will suffice. Do not overhphtighten.', 'Open both doors and check to make sure that they close easily. If the doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left. It may take several more turns, and be sure to turn both leveling legs the same amount.'])
('Door Alignment', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Left Refrigerator Door')
('Left Refrigerator Door', 'description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['The left refrigerator door has an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise and lower the door for proper alignment.', 'If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align the left door', "Use the wrench (included with the owner's manual) to turn the nut in the door hinge to adjust the height. Turn the nut to the right to raise the door or to the left to lower it."])
('Right Refrigerator Door', 'description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['The right refrigerator door does not have an adjustable nut.', 'If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align the right door'])
('Right Refrigerator Door', 'procedure.steps', ['With one hand, lift up the right door to raise it at the middle hinge. (It may be easier to lift it with the doors open.)', 'With the other hand, use pliers to insert the snap ring on the middle hinge of the right door section as shown.', 'Insert additional snap rings until the right door is aligned. (Three snap rings are provided with the unit.)'])
('Door Alignment', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Right Refrigerator Door')
('Leveling and Door Alignment', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Door Alignment')
('Turning on the Power', 'have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', 'Power')
('Power', 'Turning_On.summary.description', ['After installing, plug the refrigerator’s power cord into a 3hphprong grounded outlet and push the refrigerator into the final position.'])
('Power', 'Turning_On.summary.prerequisites.caution', ['Connect to a rated power outlet.', 'Have a certified electrician check the wall outlet and wiring for proper grounding.', 'Do not damage or cut off the ground terminal of the power plug.'])
('Power', 'Turning_On', 'Position the Refrigerator')
('Position the Refrigerator', 'description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR', ['Arrange the coil of tubing so that it does not vibrate against the back of the refrigerator or against the wall. Push the refrigerator back to the wall.'])
('REFRIGERATOR', 'INSTALLATION', 'Removing/Assembling Doors and Drawers')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'INSTALLATION', 'Leveling and Door Alignment')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'INSTALLATION', 'Turning on the Power')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'have_features', 'MAINTENANCE')
('MAINTENANCE', 'cleaning.summary.prerequisites.warning', ['Use nonhphflammable cleaner. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'])
('MAINTENANCE', 'cleaning.summary.prerequisites.caution', ['Do not use an abrasive cloth or sponge when cleaning the interior and exterior of the refrigerator.', 'Do not place your hand on the bottom surface of the refrigerator when opening and closing the doors.'])
('MAINTENANCE', 'cleaning', 'General Cleaning Tips')
('General Cleaning Tips', 'description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR', ['Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean both sections once a month to prevent odors.', 'Wipe up spills immediately.', 'Unplug the refrigerator or disconnect power before cleaning.', 'Remove all removable parts, such as shelves.', 'Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.', 'Hand wash, rinse and dry all surfaces thoroughly.'])
('Exterior', 'description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR', ['For products with black stainless steel exterior, spray glass cleaner on a clean microfiber cloth and rub in direction of grain. Do not spray glass cleaner directly at the display panel. Do not use harsh or abrasive cleaners.', 'For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain. Dry with a paper towel to avoid streaks. For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.'])
('Inside Walls', 'description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR', ['Allow freezer to warm up so the cloth will not stick.', 'To help remove odors, wash the inside of the refrigerator with a mixture of baking soda and warm water. Mix 2 tablespoons of baking soda to 1 quart of water (26 g soda to 1 liter water.) Be sure the baking soda is completely dissolved so it does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator.'])
('Door Liners and Gaskets', 'description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR', ['Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum on plastic refrigerator parts.'])
('Plastic Parts (Covers and Panels)', 'description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR', ['Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids. These can scratch or damage the material.'])
('Condenser Coils', 'description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR', ['Use a vacuum cleaner with a brush or crevice attachment to clean the condenser cover and vents. Do not remove the panel covering the condenser coil area.'])
('MAINTENANCE', 'cleaning', 'Exterior')
('MAINTENANCE', 'cleaning', 'Inside Walls')
('MAINTENANCE', 'cleaning', 'Door Liners and Gaskets')
('MAINTENANCE', 'cleaning', 'Plastic Parts (Covers and Panels)')
('MAINTENANCE', 'cleaning', 'Condenser Coils')
