['LRMNC1803', 'LRMNC1813']
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist 	 Clean the refrigerator
Clean the refrigerator 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Clean the refrigerator thoroughly and wipe off all dust that accumulated during shipping.']
Clean the refrigerator 	 caution 	 ['Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent that contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator. Remove adhesive residue by wiping it off with your thumb or dish detergent.', 'Do not peel off the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator.']
Open refrigerator doors and freezer drawers to ventilate the interior 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['The inside of the refrigerator may smell like plastic at first. Remove any adhesive tape from inside the refrigerator and open the refrigerator doors and the freezer drawers for ventilation.']
Connect the power supply 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Check if the power supply is connected before use.']
Wait for the refrigerator to cool 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Allow the refrigerator to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in it. Check the flow of cold air in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling.']
Wait for the refrigerator to cool 	 caution 	 ['Putting food in the refrigerator before it has cooled could cause the food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator.']
The refrigerator makes a loud noise after initial operation 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['This is normal. The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases.']
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist 	 Open refrigerator doors and freezer drawers to ventilate the interior
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist 	 Connect the power supply
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist 	 Wait for the refrigerator to cool
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist 	 The refrigerator makes a loud noise after initial operation
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Control Panel
Control Panel 	 summary 	 ['Depending on the model, some of the following functions may not be available.', 'The actual control panel may differ from model to model.']
Control Panel 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Control Panel Features
Control Panel Features 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Freezer
Freezer 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Indicates the set temperature of the freezer compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default freezer temperature is 0°F (-18 °C). Press the Freezer button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-7 °F to 5 °F (-23 °C to-15 °C).']
Refrigerator 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default refrigerator temperature is 37 °F (3 °C). Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 °F to 43 °F (1 °C to 7 °C).', 'To change the temperature mode from °F to °C (or vice versa) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.', 'The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. The actual refrigerator temperature depends on the food inside the refrigerator.']
Vacation 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption when you are away from home for a few days.', 'Press the Vacation button to turn the function off or on. The LED stays lit when the function is on.', 'When this function is on, the other buttons on the control panel are locked. When you return home, remember to turn this function off to unlock the other buttons and return the refrigerator to its previous temperature settings.']
Express Frz 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 This function increases freezing capability
This function increases freezing capability 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['To activate, press and hold the Express Frz. button until the LED lights up on the control panel. The function operates for about 24 hours, then turns off automatically.', 'To deactivate the function manually, press and hold the Express Frz. button.']
Control Panel Features 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Refrigerator
Control Panel Features 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Vacation
Control Panel Features 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Express Frz
Control Panel Features 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Display Mode (For Store Use Only)
Display Mode (For Store Use Only) 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['The Display Mode disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store. When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds.']
Display Mode (For Store Use Only) 	 deactivate 	 ['With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.']
Display Mode (For Store Use Only) 	 activate 	 ['With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.']
Sabbath Mode 	 using.description 	 ['Sabbath mode automatically turns off after 96 hours.', 'Once turned on, Sabbath mode is maintained even after a power outage.', 'Selecting Sabbath mode automatically turns off the Alarm functions.']
Sabbath Mode 	 using 	 Sabbath mode is used on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays
Sabbath mode is used on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['To turn Sabbath mode on, touch the display to activate it, then press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds until appears in the display.', 'To turn Sabbath mode off manually, press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds.']
Storing Food 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Food
Food 	 storing 	 Food Storage Tips
Food Storage Tips 	 description_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material unless otherwise noted. This prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. For dated products, check date code to ensure freshness.']
Food Storage Tips 	 caution 	 ['Do not overfill or pack items too tightly into door bins. Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force.', 'Do not store glass containers in the freezer. Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury.']
Storing Frozen Food 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Frozen Food
Frozen Food 	 storing.description 	 ['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.']
Frozen Food 	 storing.Freezing 	 ['Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. Do not put more unfrozen food into the freezer than will freeze within 24 hours (no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space). Leave enough space in the freezer for air to circulate around packages. Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.', 'Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used (how airtight and moisture-proof) and the storage temperature. Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. This simply means that moisture in the food and air inside the package have condensed, creating ice crystals.']
Frozen Food 	 storing.Packaging.description 	 ['Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. When you close and seal the package, it must not allow air or moisture in or out. If it does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food.', 'Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods.']
Frozen Food 	 storing.Packaging.Packaging_recommendations 	 ['Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids', 'Straight-sided canning/freezing jars', 'Heavy-duty aluminum foil', 'Plastic-coated paper', 'Non-permeable plastic wraps', 'Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags']
Frozen Food 	 storing.Packaging.Do_not_use 	 ['Bread wrappers', 'Non-polyethylene plastic containers', 'Containers without tight lids', 'Wax paper or wax-coated freezer wrap', 'Thin, semi-permeable wrap']
Food 	 storing 	 Storing Frozen Food
Refrigerator Shelves 	 summary 	 ['The shelves in the refrigerator are adjustable to meet individual storage needs.', 'Adjusting the shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier.']
Refrigerator Shelves 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Using the Folding Shelf
Using the Folding Shelf 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Folding Shelf
Folding Shelf 	 using.description 	 ['Store taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf. Pull the front of the shelf forward to return to a full shelf.']
Folding Shelf 	 using.caution 	 ['Glass shelves are heavy. Use special care when removing them.', 'Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.']
Detaching/Assembling the Full Width Shelf 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Full Width Shelf
Full Width Shelf 	 Detaching.caution 	 ['Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.']
Full Width Shelf 	 Detaching.procedure.steps 	 ['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf then lift the shelf straight up at the back.', 'Tilt the shelf at an angle and pull it out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.']
Full Width Shelf 	 Assembling.caution 	 ['Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.']
Full Width Shelf 	 Assembling.procedure.steps 	 ['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf then lift the shelf straight up at the back.', 'Tilt the shelf at an angle and pull it out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.']
Refrigerator Shelves 	 have_features_OPERATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Detaching/Assembling the Full Width Shelf
Crisper Drawers 	 removing.caution 	 ['Remove items from on top of the glass cover before removing the cover.', 'Take care when handling the glass cover. There is still a risk of injury if the glass is broken, even though it is tempered glass.', 'Take care when removing or assembling the cover not to catch hands between the cover and the drawers.']
Crisper Drawers 	 removing.procedure.steps 	 ['Lift the front of one drawer to remove it from its guides and pull straight out. Repeat to remove the second drawer.', 'Lift the front of the cover with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand.', 'Tilt the cover 45 degrees and pull it forward to remove it.']
Crisper Drawers 	 assembling.procedure.steps 	 ['Hold the cover at a 45-degree angle and insert it into the refrigerator.', 'Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower it onto the guides. Push the cover back into place.', 'Tilt up the front of one drawer and insert the rollers into the side guides. Lower the drawer and push it in. Repeat with second drawer.']
Door Bins 	 Detaching.description 	 ['The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.']
Door Bins 	 Detaching.procedure.steps 	 ['To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out.', 'To replace the bin, slide it in above the desired support and push down until it snaps into place.']
Door Bins 	 Detaching.caution 	 ['Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; they can become easily contaminated by food.', 'Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.', 'Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.']
Door Bins 	 Assembling.description 	 ['The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.']
Door Bins 	 Assembling.procedure.steps 	 ['To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out.', 'To replace the bin, slide it in above the desired support and push down until it snaps into place.']
Door Bins 	 Assembling.caution 	 ['Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; they can become easily contaminated by food.', 'Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.', 'Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.']
Durabase 	 using.description 	 ['The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections. It can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes.']
Durabase 	 using.warning 	 ['If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside. To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer.']
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Sabbath Mode
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Storing Food
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Refrigerator Shelves
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Crisper Drawers
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Door Bins
REFRIGERATOR 	 OPERATION 	 Durabase
REFRIGERATOR 	 INSTALLATION.Before_Installing 	 Installation Overview
Installation Overview 	 description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Please read the following installation instructions first after purchasing this product or transporting it to another location.']
Installation Overview 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Unpacking the Refrigerator', 'Choosing the Proper Location', 'Disassembling/Assembling', 'Leveling and Door Alignment']
Unpacking the Refrigerator 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Refrigerator
Refrigerator 	 unpacking.description 	 ['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.']
Refrigerator 	 unpacking.warning 	 ['Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury.', 'The refrigerator is heavy. Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving it. Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move it, as floor damage could occur.', 'Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.']
REFRIGERATOR 	 INSTALLATION.Before_Installing 	 Unpacking the Refrigerator
REFRIGERATOR 	 INSTALLATION 	 Choosing the Proper Location
Choosing the Proper Location 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Proper Location
Proper Location 	 choosing 	 Electricity
Electricity 	 description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Use an individual, grounded outlet115 Volts, 60 Hz, AC, 15 Amps minimum.']
Electricity 	 warning 	 ['Do not overload house wiring and cause a fire hazard by plugging in multiple appliances in the same outlet with the refrigerator.', 'To reduce the risk of electric shock, do not install the refrigerator in a wet or damp area.']
Flooring 	 description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['To avoid noise and vibration, the unit must be installed and leveled on a solidly constructed floor. If required, adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor.', 'Installing on carpeting, soft tile surfaces, a platform or weakly supported structure is not recommended.']
Ambient Temperature 	 description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Install this appliance in an area where the temperature is between 55 °F (13 °C) and 110 °F (43 °C).', 'If the temperature around the appliance is too low or high, cooling ability may be adversely affected.']
Dimensions and Clearances 	 description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings.', 'If an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through, remove the refrigerator doors. See Removing/Assembling the Doors and Drawers in this manual.', 'The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the unit for connections and airflow and space in front to open the doors and drawers.', 'Too small of a distance from adjacent items may result in lowered freezing capability and increased electricity consumption charges. Allow at least 24 inches (610 mm) in front of the refrigerator to open the doors, and at least 2 inches (50 mm) between the back of the refrigerator and the wall.']
Proper Location 	 choosing 	 Flooring
Proper Location 	 choosing 	 Ambient Temperature
Proper Location 	 choosing 	 Dimensions and Clearances
Removing/Assembling Doors and Drawers 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Doors and Drawers
Doors and Drawers 	 Removing.summary.description 	 ['If the entrance door is too narrow for the refrigerator to pass through, remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the doorway.']
Doors and Drawers 	 Removing.summary.prerequisites.warning 	 ['Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers.', 'Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing.', 'Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator.', 'Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever.', 'Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers.', 'Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off.']
Doors and Drawers 	 Removing.summary 	 Tools Needed
Tools Needed 	 description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['3/32 in. Allen wrench', '1/8 in. Allen wrench', '1/4 in. Allen wrench']
Doors and Drawers 	 Removing 	 Removing the Hinge Cover
Removing the Hinge Cover 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Hinge Cover
Hinge Cover 	 removing 	 ['Remove the screws from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator. Lift the hook (not visible), located at the bottom of the front side of the cover with a flat-head screwdriver.']
Removing the Left Refrigerator Door 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Left Refrigerator Door
Left Refrigerator Door 	 removing.procedure.steps 	 ['Disconnect all the wire harnesses a. Unscrew the ground wire b.', 'Rotate the hinge lever c counterclockwise. Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.']
Removing the Right Refrigerator Door 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Right Refrigerator Door
Right Refrigerator Door 	 removing.procedure.steps 	 ['Detach all the wire harnesses a.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.', 'Rotate the hinge lever b clockwise. Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.']
Removing the Freezer Drawers 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Freezer Drawers
Freezer Drawers 	 removing.warning 	 ['Use two or more people to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer.', 'Be careful of sharp hinges on both sides of the drawer.', 'When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor.', 'Do not sit or stand on the freezer drawer.', 'To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer. Do not leave the drawer open. If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the freezer drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside.']
Freezer Drawers 	 removing.procedure.steps 	 ['Pull the drawer open to full extension. Remove the Durabase basket from the rails.', 'Remove the screws from the rails at both ends.', 'Grip both sides of the drawer and pull it up to remove it from the rails.', 'Hold both rails and push them in simultaneously.']
Assembling the Freezer Drawer 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Freezer Drawer
Freezer Drawer 	 assembling.procedure.steps 	 ['Pull out both rails simultaneously until they are fully extended.', 'Grasp the drawer on each side and hook the drawer supports into the rail tabs located on both sides.', 'Lower the door into its final position and insert the screws in the rails on both sides.', 'Insert the basket into the frame, and push the drawer back until it clicks into place.']
Assembling the Right Refrigerator Door 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Right Refrigerator Door
Right Refrigerator Door 	 assembling.caution 	 ['Install the right-side door first.']
Right Refrigerator Door 	 assembling.procedure.steps 	 ['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Lower the door onto the middle hinge pin as shown in the figure.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c counterclockwise to secure the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses d.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.']
Assembling the Left Refrigerator Door 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Left Refrigerator Door
Left Refrigerator Door 	 assembling.caution 	 ['Install the left refrigerator door after the right door is installed.']
Left Refrigerator Door 	 assembling.procedure.steps 	 ['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Install the refrigerator door onto the middle hinge.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c clockwise and fasten the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses and the ground screw.']
Assembling the Hinge Cover 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Hinge Cover
Hinge Cover 	 assembling 	 ['Position the hinge cover in its place. Insert and tighten the cover screws.']
Doors and Drawers 	 Removing 	 Removing the Left Refrigerator Door
Doors and Drawers 	 Removing 	 Removing the Right Refrigerator Door
Doors and Drawers 	 Removing 	 Removing the Freezer Drawers
Doors and Drawers 	 Removing 	 Assembling the Freezer Drawer
Doors and Drawers 	 Removing 	 Assembling the Right Refrigerator Door
Doors and Drawers 	 Removing 	 Assembling the Left Refrigerator Door
Doors and Drawers 	 Removing 	 Assembling the Hinge Cover
Doors and Drawers 	 Assembling.summary.description 	 ['If the entrance door is too narrow for the refrigerator to pass through, remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the doorway.']
Doors and Drawers 	 Assembling.summary.prerequisites.warning 	 ['Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers.', 'Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing.', 'Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator.', 'Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever.', 'Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers.', 'Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off.']
Doors and Drawers 	 Assembling.summary 	 Tools Needed
Doors and Drawers 	 Assembling 	 Removing the Hinge Cover
Doors and Drawers 	 Assembling 	 Removing the Left Refrigerator Door
Doors and Drawers 	 Assembling 	 Removing the Right Refrigerator Door
Doors and Drawers 	 Assembling 	 Removing the Freezer Drawers
Doors and Drawers 	 Assembling 	 Assembling the Freezer Drawer
Doors and Drawers 	 Assembling 	 Assembling the Right Refrigerator Door
Doors and Drawers 	 Assembling 	 Assembling the Left Refrigerator Door
Doors and Drawers 	 Assembling 	 Assembling the Hinge Cover
Leveling and Door Alignment 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Leveling
Leveling 	 description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['The refrigerator has two front leveling legs. Adjust the legs to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side. If the refrigerator seems unsteady, or the doors do not close easily, adjust the refrigerator\x92s tilt using the instructions below']
Leveling 	 procedure.steps 	 ['Turn the leveling leg to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower it. It may take several turns of the leveling leg to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator.', 'A flare nut wrench works best, but an open-end wrench will suffice. Do not over-tighten.', 'Open both doors and check to make sure that they close easily. If the doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left. It may take several more turns, and be sure to turn both leveling legs the same amount.']
Door Alignment 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Left Refrigerator Door
Left Refrigerator Door 	 description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['The left refrigerator door has an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise and lower the door for proper alignment.', 'If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align the left door', "Use the wrench (included with the owner's manual) to turn the nut in the door hinge to adjust the height. Turn the nut to the right to raise the door or to the left to lower it."]
Right Refrigerator Door 	 description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['The right refrigerator door does not have an adjustable nut.', 'If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align the right door']
Right Refrigerator Door 	 procedure.steps 	 ['With one hand, lift up the right door to raise it at the middle hinge. (It may be easier to lift it with the doors open.)', 'With the other hand, use pliers to insert the snap ring on the middle hinge of the right door section as shown.', 'Insert additional snap rings until the right door is aligned. (Three snap rings are provided with the unit.)']
Door Alignment 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Right Refrigerator Door
Leveling and Door Alignment 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Door Alignment
Turning on the Power 	 have_features_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 Power
Power 	 Turning_On.summary.description 	 ['After installing, plug the refrigerator\x92s power cord into a 3-prong grounded outlet and push the refrigerator into the final position.']
Power 	 Turning_On.summary.prerequisites.caution 	 ['Connect to a rated power outlet.', 'Have a certified electrician check the wall outlet and wiring for proper grounding.', 'Do not damage or cut off the ground terminal of the power plug.']
Power 	 Turning_On 	 Position the Refrigerator
Position the Refrigerator 	 description_INSTALLATION_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Arrange the coil of tubing so that it does not vibrate against the back of the refrigerator or against the wall. Push the refrigerator back to the wall.']
REFRIGERATOR 	 INSTALLATION 	 Removing/Assembling Doors and Drawers
REFRIGERATOR 	 INSTALLATION 	 Leveling and Door Alignment
REFRIGERATOR 	 INSTALLATION 	 Turning on the Power
REFRIGERATOR 	 have_features 	 MAINTENANCE
MAINTENANCE 	 cleaning.summary.prerequisites.warning 	 ['Use non-flammable cleaner. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.']
MAINTENANCE 	 cleaning.summary.prerequisites.caution 	 ['Do not use an abrasive cloth or sponge when cleaning the interior and exterior of the refrigerator.', 'Do not place your hand on the bottom surface of the refrigerator when opening and closing the doors.']
MAINTENANCE 	 cleaning 	 General Cleaning Tips
General Cleaning Tips 	 description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean both sections once a month to prevent odors.', 'Wipe up spills immediately.', 'Unplug the refrigerator or disconnect power before cleaning.', 'Remove all removable parts, such as shelves.', 'Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.', 'Hand wash, rinse and dry all surfaces thoroughly.']
Exterior 	 description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['For products with black stainless steel exterior, spray glass cleaner on a clean microfiber cloth and rub in direction of grain. Do not spray glass cleaner directly at the display panel. Do not use harsh or abrasive cleaners.', 'For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain. Dry with a paper towel to avoid streaks. For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.']
Inside Walls 	 description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Allow freezer to warm up so the cloth will not stick.', 'To help remove odors, wash the inside of the refrigerator with a mixture of baking soda and warm water. Mix 2 tablespoons of baking soda to 1 quart of water (26 g soda to 1 liter water.) Be sure the baking soda is completely dissolved so it does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator.']
Door Liners and Gaskets 	 description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum on plastic refrigerator parts.']
Plastic Parts (Covers and Panels) 	 description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids. These can scratch or damage the material.']
Condenser Coils 	 description_MAINTENANCE_REFRIGERATOR 	 ['Use a vacuum cleaner with a brush or crevice attachment to clean the condenser cover and vents. Do not remove the panel covering the condenser coil area.']
MAINTENANCE 	 cleaning 	 Exterior
MAINTENANCE 	 cleaning 	 Inside Walls
MAINTENANCE 	 cleaning 	 Door Liners and Gaskets
MAINTENANCE 	 cleaning 	 Plastic Parts (Covers and Panels)
MAINTENANCE 	 cleaning 	 Condenser Coils
['Clean the refrigerator thoroughly and wipe off all dust that accumulated during shipping.'] 	 talks_about 	 Clean the refrigerator thoroughly and wipe off all dust that accumulated during shipping.
Clean the refrigerator thoroughly and wipe off all dust that accumulated during shipping. 	 talks_about 	 accumulated during shipping
Clean the refrigerator thoroughly and wipe off all dust that accumulated during shipping. 	 talks_about 	 Clean the refrigerator thoroughly and wipe off all dust
Clean the refrigerator thoroughly and wipe off all dust 	 that 	 accumulated during shipping
['Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent that contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator. Remove adhesive residue by wiping it off with your thumb or dish detergent.', 'Do not peel off the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent that contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator.
['Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent that contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator. Remove adhesive residue by wiping it off with your thumb or dish detergent.', 'Do not peel off the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 Remove adhesive residue by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent.
['Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent that contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator. Remove adhesive residue by wiping it off with your thumb or dish detergent.', 'Do not peel off the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not peel off the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator.
Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent that contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator
Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent that contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent
Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent 	 that 	 contains alcohol , a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator
Remove adhesive residue by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent. 	 paraphrase 	 adhesive residue should be removed by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent
adhesive residue should be removed by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent 	 talks_about 	 adhesive residue
adhesive residue should be removed by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent 	 talks_about 	 by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent
adhesive residue 	 should_be_removed 	 by wiping adhesive residue off with your thumb or dish detergent
Do not peel off the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator should not be peeled off
the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator should not be peeled off 	 talks_about 	 the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator
contains alcohol , a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator
contains alcohol , a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive
contains alcohol , a flammable liquid or an abrasive 	 Synchronous 	 removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator
removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator 	 Synchronous 	 contains alcohol , a flammable liquid or an abrasive
['The inside of the refrigerator may smell like plastic at first. Remove any adhesive tape from inside the refrigerator and open the refrigerator doors and the freezer drawers for ventilation.'] 	 talks_about 	 The inside of the refrigerator may smell like plastic at first.
['The inside of the refrigerator may smell like plastic at first. Remove any adhesive tape from inside the refrigerator and open the refrigerator doors and the freezer drawers for ventilation.'] 	 talks_about 	 Remove any adhesive tape from inside the refrigerator and open the refrigerator doors and the freezer drawers for ventilation.
The inside of the refrigerator may smell like plastic at first. 	 talks_about 	 The inside of the refrigerator
['Check if the power supply is connected before use.'] 	 talks_about 	 Check if the power supply is connected before use.
Check if the power supply is connected before use. 	 talks_about 	 the power supply is connected before use
Check if the power supply is connected before use. 	 talks_about 	 Check
Check 	 Condition 	 the power supply is connected before use
the power supply is connected before use 	 Follows 	 Check
['Allow the refrigerator to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in it. Check the flow of cold air in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling.'] 	 talks_about 	 Allow the refrigerator to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator.
['Allow the refrigerator to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in it. Check the flow of cold air in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling.'] 	 talks_about 	 Check the flow of cold air in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling.
Allow the refrigerator to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 the refrigerator should be allowed to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator
the refrigerator should be allowed to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator should be allowed to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 should_be_allowed 	 to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator
Check the flow of cold air in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling. 	 paraphrase 	 the flow of cold air should be checked in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling
the flow of cold air should be checked in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling 	 talks_about 	 the flow of cold air
the flow of cold air should be checked in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling 	 talks_about 	 in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling
the flow of cold air 	 should_be_checked 	 in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling
the refrigerator should be allowed to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 at least two to three hours
the refrigerator should be allowed to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 putting food in the refrigerator
at least two to three hours 	 to_run_for_reverse 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 to_run_before 	 putting food in the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 to_run_for 	 at least two to three hours
putting food in the refrigerator 	 to_run_before_reverse 	 the refrigerator
the flow of cold air should be checked in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling 	 talks_about 	 ensure proper cooling
the flow of cold air should be checked in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling 	 talks_about 	 the freezer compartment
the flow of cold air 	 should_be_checked_to 	 ensure proper cooling
ensure proper cooling 	 should_be_checked_to_reverse 	 the flow of cold air
the freezer compartment 	 should_be_checked_in_reverse 	 the flow of cold air
the flow of cold air 	 should_be_checked_in 	 the freezer compartment
['Putting food in the refrigerator before it has cooled could cause the food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 Putting food in the refrigerator before the refrigerator has cooled could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator.
Putting food in the refrigerator before the refrigerator has cooled could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator has cooled
Putting food in the refrigerator before the refrigerator has cooled could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator
Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil , or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator 	 succeded_by 	 the refrigerator has cooled
the refrigerator has cooled 	 preceded_by 	 Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil , or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator
Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 Putting food in the refrigerator
Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 food to spoil
Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 a bad odor
Putting food in the refrigerator could cause food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
Putting food in the refrigerator 	 could_cause 	 food to spoil
food to spoil 	 could_cause_reverse 	 Putting food in the refrigerator
a bad odor 	 to_remain_inside 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 to_remain_inside_reverse 	 a bad odor
['This is normal. The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases.'] 	 talks_about 	 makes is normal.
['This is normal. The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases.'] 	 talks_about 	 The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases.
The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases. 	 talks_about 	 as the temperature decreases
The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases. 	 talks_about 	 The volume will decrease
makes is normal. 	 talks_about 	 makes
makes is normal. 	 talks_about 	 normal
makes 	 is 	 normal
normal 	 is_reverse 	 makes
['Depending on the model, some of the following functions may not be available.', 'The actual control panel may differ from model to model.'] 	 talks_about 	 Depending on the model, some of the following functions may not be available.
['Depending on the model, some of the following functions may not be available.', 'The actual control panel may differ from model to model.'] 	 talks_about 	 The actual control panel may differ from model to model.
Depending on the model, some of the following functions may not be available. 	 talks_about 	 some of the following functions
['Indicates the set temperature of the freezer compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default freezer temperature is 0°F (-18 °C). Press the Freezer button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-7 °F to 5 °F (-23 °C to-15 °C).'] 	 talks_about 	 Indicates the set temperature of the freezer compartment in Celsius ( ° C ) or Fahrenheit ( ° F ).
['Indicates the set temperature of the freezer compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default freezer temperature is 0°F (-18 °C). Press the Freezer button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-7 °F to 5 °F (-23 °C to-15 °C).'] 	 talks_about 	 The default freezer temperature is 0 ° F ( -18 ° C ).
['Indicates the set temperature of the freezer compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default freezer temperature is 0°F (-18 °C). Press the Freezer button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-7 °F to 5 °F (-23 °C to-15 °C).'] 	 talks_about 	 Press the Freezer button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-7 ° F to 5 ° F ( -23 ° C to-15 ° C ).
Press the Freezer button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-7 ° F to 5 ° F ( -23 ° C to-15 ° C ). 	 paraphrase 	 the Freezer button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-7 ° F to 5 ° F -23 ° C to-15 ° C
the Freezer button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-7 ° F to 5 ° F -23 ° C to-15 ° C 	 talks_about 	 the Freezer button
the Freezer button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-7 ° F to 5 ° F -23 ° C to-15 ° C 	 talks_about 	 repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-7 ° F to 5 ° F -23 ° C to-15 ° C
the Freezer button 	 should_be_pressed 	 repeatedly to select a new set temperature from-7 ° F to 5 ° F -23 ° C to-15 ° C
['Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default refrigerator temperature is 37 °F (3 °C). Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 °F to 43 °F (1 °C to 7 °C).', 'To change the temperature mode from °F to °C (or vice versa) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.', 'The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. The actual refrigerator temperature depends on the food inside the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius ( ° C ) or Fahrenheit ( ° F ).
['Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default refrigerator temperature is 37 °F (3 °C). Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 °F to 43 °F (1 °C to 7 °C).', 'To change the temperature mode from °F to °C (or vice versa) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.', 'The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. The actual refrigerator temperature depends on the food inside the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 The default refrigerator temperature is 37 ° F ( 3 ° C ).
['Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default refrigerator temperature is 37 °F (3 °C). Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 °F to 43 °F (1 °C to 7 °C).', 'To change the temperature mode from °F to °C (or vice versa) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.', 'The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. The actual refrigerator temperature depends on the food inside the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 43 ° F ( 1 ° C to 7 ° C ).
['Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default refrigerator temperature is 37 °F (3 °C). Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 °F to 43 °F (1 °C to 7 °C).', 'To change the temperature mode from °F to °C (or vice versa) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.', 'The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. The actual refrigerator temperature depends on the food inside the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 To change the temperature mode from ° F to ° C ( or vice versa ) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds.
To change the temperature mode from ° F to ° C ( or vice versa ) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. 	 talks_about 	 the temperature mode
To change the temperature mode from ° F to ° C ( or vice versa ) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. 	 talks_about 	 from ° F to ° C or vice versa press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds
the temperature mode 	 should_be_changed_by 	 from ° F to ° C or vice versa press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds
['Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default refrigerator temperature is 37 °F (3 °C). Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 °F to 43 °F (1 °C to 7 °C).', 'To change the temperature mode from °F to °C (or vice versa) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.', 'The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. The actual refrigerator temperature depends on the food inside the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.
['Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default refrigerator temperature is 37 °F (3 °C). Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 °F to 43 °F (1 °C to 7 °C).', 'To change the temperature mode from °F to °C (or vice versa) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.', 'The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. The actual refrigerator temperature depends on the food inside the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator.
['Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default refrigerator temperature is 37 °F (3 °C). Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 °F to 43 °F (1 °C to 7 °C).', 'To change the temperature mode from °F to °C (or vice versa) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.', 'The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. The actual refrigerator temperature depends on the food inside the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 the actual temperature of the refrigerator depends on the food inside the refrigerator.
Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 43 ° F ( 1 ° C to 7 ° C ). 	 paraphrase 	 the Refrigerator button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 43 ° F 1 ° C to 7 ° C
the Refrigerator button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 43 ° F 1 ° C to 7 ° C 	 talks_about 	 the Refrigerator button
the Refrigerator button should be pressed repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 43 ° F 1 ° C to 7 ° C 	 talks_about 	 repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 43 ° F 1 ° C to 7 ° C
the Refrigerator button 	 should_be_pressed 	 repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 ° F to 43 ° F 1 ° C to 7 ° C
The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 the actual temperature of the refrigerator
The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 The displayed temperature
The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 the target temperature
the actual temperature of the refrigerator 	 is_not_reverse 	 The displayed temperature
the target temperature 	 is_reverse 	 The displayed temperature
The displayed temperature 	 is 	 the target temperature
The displayed temperature 	 is_not 	 the actual temperature of the refrigerator
the actual temperature of the refrigerator depends on the food inside the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 the food inside the refrigerator
the actual temperature of the refrigerator depends on the food inside the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 the actual temperature of the refrigerator
the food inside the refrigerator 	 depends_on_reverse 	 the actual temperature of the refrigerator
the actual temperature of the refrigerator 	 depends_on 	 the food inside the refrigerator
['Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption when you are away from home for a few days.', 'Press the Vacation button to turn the function off or on. The LED stays lit when the function is on.', 'When this function is on, the other buttons on the control panel are locked. When you return home, remember to turn this function off to unlock the other buttons and return the refrigerator to its previous temperature settings.'] 	 talks_about 	 Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption when you are away from home for a few days.
['Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption when you are away from home for a few days.', 'Press the Vacation button to turn the function off or on. The LED stays lit when the function is on.', 'When this function is on, the other buttons on the control panel are locked. When you return home, remember to turn this function off to unlock the other buttons and return the refrigerator to its previous temperature settings.'] 	 talks_about 	 Press the Vacation button to turn this power saving mode off or on.
['Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption when you are away from home for a few days.', 'Press the Vacation button to turn the function off or on. The LED stays lit when the function is on.', 'When this function is on, the other buttons on the control panel are locked. When you return home, remember to turn this function off to unlock the other buttons and return the refrigerator to its previous temperature settings.'] 	 talks_about 	 The LED stays lit when this power saving mode is on.
['Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption when you are away from home for a few days.', 'Press the Vacation button to turn the function off or on. The LED stays lit when the function is on.', 'When this function is on, the other buttons on the control panel are locked. When you return home, remember to turn this function off to unlock the other buttons and return the refrigerator to its previous temperature settings.'] 	 talks_about 	 When this power saving mode is on, the other buttons on the control panel are locked.
['Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption when you are away from home for a few days.', 'Press the Vacation button to turn the function off or on. The LED stays lit when the function is on.', 'When this function is on, the other buttons on the control panel are locked. When you return home, remember to turn this function off to unlock the other buttons and return the refrigerator to its previous temperature settings.'] 	 talks_about 	 When you return home, remember to turn this power saving mode off to unlock the other buttons on the control panel and return the refrigerator to the refrigerator previous temperature settings.
Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption when you are away from home for a few days. 	 talks_about 	 you are away from home for a few days
Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption when you are away from home for a few days. 	 talks_about 	 Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption
Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption 	 Synchronous 	 you are away from home for a few days
you are away from home for a few days 	 Synchronous 	 Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption
Press the Vacation button to turn this power saving mode off or on. 	 paraphrase 	 the Vacation button should be pressed to turn this power saving mode off or on
the Vacation button should be pressed to turn this power saving mode off or on 	 talks_about 	 the Vacation button
the Vacation button should be pressed to turn this power saving mode off or on 	 talks_about 	 to turn this power saving mode off or on
the Vacation button 	 should_be_pressed 	 to turn this power saving mode off or on
The LED stays lit when this power saving mode is on. 	 talks_about 	 this power saving mode is on
The LED stays lit when this power saving mode is on. 	 talks_about 	 The LED stays lit
The LED stays lit 	 Synchronous 	 this power saving mode is on
this power saving mode is on 	 Synchronous 	 The LED stays lit
When this power saving mode is on, the other buttons on the control panel are locked. 	 talks_about 	 this power saving mode is on
When this power saving mode is on, the other buttons on the control panel are locked. 	 talks_about 	 the other buttons on the control panel are locked
the other buttons on the control panel are locked 	 Synchronous 	 this power saving mode is on
this power saving mode is on 	 Synchronous 	 the other buttons on the control panel are locked
When you return home, remember to turn this power saving mode off to unlock the other buttons on the control panel and return the refrigerator to the refrigerator previous temperature settings. 	 talks_about 	 you return home
When you return home, remember to turn this power saving mode off to unlock the other buttons on the control panel and return the refrigerator to the refrigerator previous temperature settings. 	 talks_about 	 remember to turn this power saving mode off to unlock the other buttons on the control panel and return the refrigerator to the refrigerator previous temperature settings
remember to turn this power saving mode off to unlock the other buttons on the control panel and return the refrigerator to the refrigerator previous temperature settings 	 Synchronous 	 you return home
you return home 	 Synchronous 	 remember to turn this power saving mode off to unlock the other buttons on the control panel and return the refrigerator to the refrigerator previous temperature settings
Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption 	 paraphrase 	 the refrigerator should be set to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption
the refrigerator should be set to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator should be set to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption 	 talks_about 	 to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption
the refrigerator 	 should_be_set 	 to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption
the Vacation button should be pressed to turn this power saving mode off or on 	 talks_about 	 this power saving mode
the Vacation button should be pressed to turn this power saving mode off or on 	 talks_about 	 turn this power saving mode off
this power saving mode 	 to_turn_off_reverse 	 the Vacation button
turn this power saving mode off 	 should_be_pressed_to_reverse 	 the Vacation button
the Vacation button 	 should_be_pressed_to 	 turn this power saving mode off
the Vacation button 	 to_turn_off 	 this power saving mode
you are away from home for a few days 	 talks_about 	 a few days
you are away from home for a few days 	 talks_about 	 away from home
the refrigerator should be set to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption 	 talks_about 	 reduce energy consumption
the refrigerator should be set to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption 	 talks_about 	 this power saving mode
reduce energy consumption 	 should_be_set_to_this_power_saving_mode_to_reverse 	 the refrigerator
this power saving mode 	 should_be_set_to_reverse 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 should_be_set_to_this_power_saving_mode_to 	 reduce energy consumption
the refrigerator 	 should_be_set_to 	 this power saving mode
The LED stays lit 	 talks_about 	 lit
The LED stays lit 	 talks_about 	 The LED
lit 	 stays_reverse 	 The LED
The LED 	 stays 	 lit
you return home 	 talks_about 	 home
['To activate, press and hold the Express Frz. button until the LED lights up on the control panel. The function operates for about 24 hours, then turns off automatically.', 'To deactivate the function manually, press and hold the Express Frz. button.'] 	 talks_about 	 button until the LED lights up on the control panel.
['To activate, press and hold the Express Frz. button until the LED lights up on the control panel. The function operates for about 24 hours, then turns off automatically.', 'To deactivate the function manually, press and hold the Express Frz. button.'] 	 talks_about 	 This function operates for about 24 hours, then turns off automatically.
['To activate, press and hold the Express Frz. button until the LED lights up on the control panel. The function operates for about 24 hours, then turns off automatically.', 'To deactivate the function manually, press and hold the Express Frz. button.'] 	 talks_about 	 To deactivate This function manually, press and hold the Express Frz.
To deactivate This function manually, press and hold the Express Frz. 	 talks_about 	 This function
To deactivate This function manually, press and hold the Express Frz. 	 talks_about 	 manually press and hold the Express Frz
This function 	 should_be_deactivated_by 	 manually press and hold the Express Frz
['To activate, press and hold the Express Frz. button until the LED lights up on the control panel. The function operates for about 24 hours, then turns off automatically.', 'To deactivate the function manually, press and hold the Express Frz. button.'] 	 talks_about 	 button.
button until the LED lights up on the control panel. 	 talks_about 	 the LED lights up on the control panel
button until the LED lights up on the control panel. 	 talks_about 	 button
button 	 succeded_by 	 the LED lights up on the control panel
the LED lights up on the control panel 	 preceded_by 	 button
This function operates for about 24 hours, then turns off automatically. 	 talks_about 	 This function
This function operates for about 24 hours, then turns off automatically. 	 talks_about 	 about 24 hours
about 24 hours 	 operates_for_reverse 	 This function
This function 	 operates_for 	 about 24 hours
the LED lights up on the control panel 	 talks_about 	 the control panel
the LED lights up on the control panel 	 talks_about 	 the LED
the control panel 	 lights_up_on_reverse 	 the LED
the LED 	 lights_up_on 	 the control panel
['The Display Mode disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store. When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds.'] 	 talks_about 	 Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store.
['The Display Mode disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store. When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds.'] 	 talks_about 	 When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds.
Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store. 	 talks_about 	 on display in a retail store
Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store. 	 talks_about 	 Display Mode For Store Use Only disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy
Display Mode For Store Use Only disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy 	 Synchronous 	 on display in a retail store
on display in a retail store 	 Synchronous 	 Display Mode For Store Use Only disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy
When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds. 	 talks_about 	 activated
When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds. 	 talks_about 	 OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds
OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 Synchronous 	 activated
activated 	 Synchronous 	 OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds
OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 talks_about 	 the display remains on for 20 seconds
OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 talks_about 	 OFF is displayed on the control panel
OFF is displayed on the control panel 	 Conjunction 	 the display remains on for 20 seconds
the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 Conjunction 	 OFF is displayed on the control panel
Display Mode For Store Use Only disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy 	 talks_about 	 Display Mode For Store Use
Display Mode For Store Use Only disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy 	 talks_about 	 all cooling in the freezer sections to conserve energy
Display Mode For Store Use Only disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy 	 talks_about 	 all cooling in the refrigerator sections to conserve energy
Display Mode For Store Use 	 disables 	 all cooling in the freezer sections to conserve energy
all cooling in the freezer sections to conserve energy 	 disables_reverse 	 Display Mode For Store Use
Display Mode For Store Use 	 disables 	 all cooling in the refrigerator sections to conserve energy
all cooling in the refrigerator sections to conserve energy 	 disables_reverse 	 Display Mode For Store Use
the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 talks_about 	 20 seconds
the display remains on for 20 seconds 	 talks_about 	 the display
20 seconds 	 remains_for_reverse 	 the display
the display 	 remains_for 	 20 seconds
OFF is displayed on the control panel 	 talks_about 	 the control panel
['With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.'] 	 talks_about 	 With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz.
['With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.'] 	 talks_about 	 button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button.
['With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.'] 	 talks_about 	 The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) is deactivated.
['With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.'] 	 talks_about 	 Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ).
With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. 	 talks_about 	 With either refrigerator door opened
With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. 	 talks_about 	 press the Express Frz
button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. 	 talks_about 	 pressing the Refrigerator button
button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. 	 talks_about 	 button 3 times consecutively
button 3 times consecutively 	 Synchronous 	 pressing the Refrigerator button
pressing the Refrigerator button 	 Synchronous 	 button 3 times consecutively
The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) is deactivated. 	 talks_about 	 Display Mode For Store Use Only is deactivated
The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ) is deactivated. 	 talks_about 	 The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm
The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm 	 that 	 Display Mode For Store Use Only is deactivated
Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode ( For Store Use Only ). 	 paraphrase 	 the same procedure should be used to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only
the same procedure should be used to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only 	 talks_about 	 the same procedure
the same procedure should be used to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only 	 talks_about 	 to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only
the same procedure 	 should_be_used 	 to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only
press the Express Frz 	 paraphrase 	 the Express Frz should be pressed 
The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm 	 talks_about 	 the temperature settings display to confirm
The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm 	 talks_about 	 The control panel beeps
The control panel beeps 	 Conjunction 	 the temperature settings display to confirm
the temperature settings display to confirm 	 Conjunction 	 The control panel beeps
the same procedure should be used to activate Display Mode For Store Use Only 	 talks_about 	 activate Display Mode For Store Use Only
the same procedure 	 should_be_used_to 	 activate Display Mode For Store Use Only
activate Display Mode For Store Use Only 	 should_be_used_to_reverse 	 the same procedure
button 3 times consecutively 	 talks_about 	 3 times
button 3 times consecutively 	 talks_about 	 button
3 times 	 has_consecutively_of_reverse 	 button
button 	 has_consecutively_of 	 3 times
the temperature settings display to confirm 	 talks_about 	 confirm
the temperature settings display to confirm 	 talks_about 	 the temperature settings
confirm 	 display_to_reverse 	 the temperature settings
the temperature settings 	 display_to 	 confirm
['Sabbath mode automatically turns off after 96 hours.', 'Once turned on, Sabbath mode is maintained even after a power outage.', 'Selecting Sabbath mode automatically turns off the Alarm functions.'] 	 talks_about 	 Sabbath Mode automatically turns off after 96 hours.
['Sabbath mode automatically turns off after 96 hours.', 'Once turned on, Sabbath mode is maintained even after a power outage.', 'Selecting Sabbath mode automatically turns off the Alarm functions.'] 	 talks_about 	 Once turned on, Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage.
['Sabbath mode automatically turns off after 96 hours.', 'Once turned on, Sabbath mode is maintained even after a power outage.', 'Selecting Sabbath mode automatically turns off the Alarm functions.'] 	 talks_about 	 Selecting Sabbath Mode automatically turns off the Alarm functions.
Once turned on, Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage. 	 talks_about 	 turned on
Once turned on, Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage. 	 talks_about 	 Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage
Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage 	 preceded_by 	 turned on
turned on 	 succeded_by 	 Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage
Sabbath Mode automatically turns off after 96 hours. 	 talks_about 	 96 hours
Sabbath Mode automatically turns off after 96 hours. 	 talks_about 	 Sabbath Mode
96 hours 	 automatically_turns_off_after_reverse 	 Sabbath Mode
Sabbath Mode 	 automatically_turns_off_after 	 96 hours
Selecting Sabbath Mode automatically turns off the Alarm functions. 	 talks_about 	 Selecting Sabbath Mode
Selecting Sabbath Mode automatically turns off the Alarm functions. 	 talks_about 	 the Alarm functions
Selecting Sabbath Mode 	 automatically_turns_off 	 the Alarm functions
the Alarm functions 	 automatically_turns_off_reverse 	 Selecting Sabbath Mode
Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage 	 talks_about 	 Sabbath Mode
Sabbath Mode is maintained even after a power outage 	 talks_about 	 even after a power outage
Sabbath Mode 	 is_maintained 	 even after a power outage
even after a power outage 	 is_maintained_reverse 	 Sabbath Mode
['To turn Sabbath mode on, touch the display to activate it, then press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds until appears in the display.', 'To turn Sabbath mode off manually, press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds.'] 	 talks_about 	 To turn Sabbath mode on, touch the display to activate Sabbath mode, then press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds until appears in the display.
To turn Sabbath mode on, touch the display to activate Sabbath mode, then press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds until appears in the display. 	 talks_about 	 Sabbath mode
To turn Sabbath mode on, touch the display to activate Sabbath mode, then press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds until appears in the display. 	 talks_about 	 on touch the display to activate Sabbath mode then press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds until appears in the display
Sabbath mode 	 should_be_turned_by 	 on touch the display to activate Sabbath mode then press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds until appears in the display
['To turn Sabbath mode on, touch the display to activate it, then press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds until appears in the display.', 'To turn Sabbath mode off manually, press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds.'] 	 talks_about 	 To turn Sabbath mode off manually, press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds.
To turn Sabbath mode off manually, press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds. 	 talks_about 	 Sabbath mode
To turn Sabbath mode off manually, press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds. 	 talks_about 	 off manually press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds
Sabbath mode 	 should_be_turned_by 	 off manually press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds
['Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material unless otherwise noted. This prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. For dated products, check date code to ensure freshness.'] 	 talks_about 	 Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material unless otherwise noted.
['Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material unless otherwise noted. This prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. For dated products, check date code to ensure freshness.'] 	 talks_about 	 Wrap prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator.
['Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material unless otherwise noted. This prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. For dated products, check date code to ensure freshness.'] 	 talks_about 	 date code should be checked to ensure freshness For dated products
Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material unless otherwise noted. 	 talks_about 	 noted
Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material unless otherwise noted. 	 talks_about 	 Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material
Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material 	 unless_otherwise 	 noted
Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material 	 paraphrase 	 food should be stored Wrap or in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material
food should be stored Wrap or in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material 	 talks_about 	 food
food should be stored Wrap or in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material 	 talks_about 	 Wrap or in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material
food 	 should_be_stored 	 Wrap or in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material
Wrap prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 food odor
Wrap prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 Wrap
Wrap prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 taste transfer throughout the refrigerator
Wrap prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
food odor 	 prevents_reverse 	 Wrap
Wrap 	 prevents 	 food odor
taste transfer throughout the refrigerator 	 prevents_reverse 	 Wrap
Wrap 	 prevents 	 taste transfer throughout the refrigerator
Wrap 	 prevents_food_odor_throughout 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 prevents_food_odor_throughout_reverse 	 Wrap
date code should be checked to ensure freshness For dated products 	 talks_about 	 ensure freshness For dated products
date code should be checked to ensure freshness For dated products 	 talks_about 	 date code
ensure freshness For dated products 	 should_be_checked_to_reverse 	 date code
date code 	 should_be_checked_to 	 ensure freshness For dated products
food should be stored Wrap or in the refrigerator in airtight and moisture-proof material 	 talks_about 	 Wrap
Wrap 	 should_be_stored_reverse 	 food
food 	 should_be_stored 	 Wrap
['Do not overfill or pack items too tightly into door bins. Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force.', 'Do not store glass containers in the freezer. Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not overfill or pack items too tightly into door bins.
['Do not overfill or pack items too tightly into door bins. Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force.', 'Do not store glass containers in the freezer. Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury.'] 	 talks_about 	 Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force.
['Do not overfill or pack items too tightly into door bins. Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force.', 'Do not store glass containers in the freezer. Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not store glass containers in the freezer.
['Do not overfill or pack items too tightly into door bins. Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force.', 'Do not store glass containers in the freezer. Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury.'] 	 talks_about 	 Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury.
Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force. 	 talks_about 	 items are removed with excessive force
Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force. 	 talks_about 	 Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury
Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury 	 Condition 	 items are removed with excessive force
items are removed with excessive force 	 Follows 	 Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury
Do not store glass containers in the freezer. 	 paraphrase 	 glass containers should not be stored in the freezer
glass containers should not be stored in the freezer 	 talks_about 	 glass containers
glass containers should not be stored in the freezer 	 talks_about 	 in the freezer
glass containers 	 should_not_be_stored 	 in the freezer
Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury. 	 talks_about 	 frozen
Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury. 	 talks_about 	 Contents may expand, break the container and cause injury
Contents may expand , break the container and cause injury 	 Synchronous 	 frozen
frozen 	 Synchronous 	 Contents may expand , break the container and cause injury
glass containers should not be stored in the freezer 	 talks_about 	 the freezer
glass containers 	 should_not_be_stored_in 	 the freezer
the freezer 	 should_not_be_stored_in_reverse 	 glass containers
items are removed with excessive force 	 talks_about 	 excessive force
items are removed with excessive force 	 talks_about 	 items
excessive force 	 are_removed_with_reverse 	 items
items 	 are_removed_with 	 excessive force
Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury 	 talks_about 	 Doing so
Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury 	 talks_about 	 damage to the bin or personal injury
Doing so 	 may_cause 	 damage to the bin or personal injury
damage to the bin or personal injury 	 may_cause_reverse 	 Doing so
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 food with high moisture content could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 Wash food before storing food in the refrigerator.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 Wipe off condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature.
['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'] 	 talks_about 	 This can increase the running costs of the refrigerator.
Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times. 	 paraphrase 	 a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook should be checked for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook should be checked for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times 	 talks_about 	 a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook should be checked for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times 	 talks_about 	 for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook 	 should_be_checked 	 for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times
Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy. 	 talks_about 	 freezing
Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy. 	 talks_about 	 Cooling hot foods saves energy
Cooling hot foods saves energy 	 succeded_by 	 freezing
freezing 	 preceded_by 	 Cooling hot foods saves energy
If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. 	 talks_about 	 you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on
Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer. 	 talks_about 	 are able to be frozen
Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer. 	 talks_about 	 Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer
Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer 	 that 	 are able to be frozen
If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. 	 talks_about 	 you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period
If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. 	 talks_about 	 remove all food and unplug the power cord
remove all food and unplug the power cord 	 Condition 	 you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period
you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period 	 Follows 	 remove all food and unplug the power cord
Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 food with high moisture content should not be stored towards the top of the refrigerator
food with high moisture content should not be stored towards the top of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 food with high moisture content
food with high moisture content should not be stored towards the top of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 towards the top of the refrigerator
food with high moisture content 	 should_not_be_stored 	 towards the top of the refrigerator
Wash food before storing food in the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 food should be washed before storing food in the refrigerator
food should be washed before storing food in the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 food
food should be washed before storing food in the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 before storing food in the refrigerator
food 	 should_be_washed 	 before storing food in the refrigerator
Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated. 	 talks_about 	 food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated
Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated. 	 talks_about 	 Vegetables should be washed
Vegetables should be washed 	 Conjunction 	 food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated
food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated 	 Conjunction 	 Vegetables should be washed
If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place
If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. 	 talks_about 	 frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form
frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form 	 Condition 	 the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place
the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place 	 Follows 	 frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form
Wipe off condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel. 	 paraphrase 	 condensation should be wiped off with a clean cloth or a paper towel
condensation should be wiped off with a clean cloth or a paper towel 	 talks_about 	 condensation
condensation should be wiped off with a clean cloth or a paper towel 	 talks_about 	 off with a clean cloth or a paper towel
condensation 	 should_be_wiped 	 off with a clean cloth or a paper towel
If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature. 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often
If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature. 	 talks_about 	 warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature
warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature 	 Condition 	 the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often
the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often 	 Follows 	 warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature
you are leaving home for a short period , like a short vacation , the refrigerator should be left on 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator should be left on
you are leaving home for a short period , like a short vacation , the refrigerator should be left on 	 talks_about 	 you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook should be checked for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times 	 talks_about 	 storage times
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook should be checked for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times 	 talks_about 	 further information about preparing food for freezing or food
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook 	 should_be_checked 	 storage times
a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook 	 should_be_checked_for 	 further information about preparing food for freezing or food
storage times 	 should_be_checked_reverse 	 a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook
further information about preparing food for freezing or food 	 should_be_checked_for_reverse 	 a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook
food with high moisture content should not be stored towards the top of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the top of the refrigerator
the top of the refrigerator 	 should_not_be_stored_towards_reverse 	 food with high moisture content
food with high moisture content 	 should_not_be_stored_towards 	 the top of the refrigerator
food should be washed before storing food in the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
food should be washed before storing food in the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 storing food in the refrigerator
food 	 before_storing 	 food
food 	 before_storing_food_in 	 the refrigerator
storing food in the refrigerator 	 should_be_washed_before_reverse 	 food
food 	 before_storing_reverse 	 food
food 	 should_be_washed_before 	 storing food in the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 before_storing_food_in_reverse 	 food
condensation should be wiped off with a clean cloth or a paper towel 	 talks_about 	 a clean cloth or a paper towel
a clean cloth or a paper towel 	 should_be_wiped_off_with_reverse 	 condensation
condensation 	 should_be_wiped_off_with 	 a clean cloth or a paper towel
This can increase the running costs of the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 the running costs of the refrigerator
Cooling hot foods saves energy 	 talks_about 	 energy
Cooling hot foods saves energy 	 talks_about 	 Cooling hot foods
energy 	 saves_reverse 	 Cooling hot foods
Cooling hot foods 	 saves 	 energy
Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer 	 talks_about 	 Refrigerated foods
Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer 	 talks_about 	 stored in the freezer
Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer 	 talks_about 	 preserved
Refrigerated foods will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer 	 talks_about 	 longer
Refrigerated foods 	 preserved_if 	 stored in the freezer
stored in the freezer 	 preserved_if_reverse 	 Refrigerated foods
Refrigerated foods 	 will_stay 	 preserved
preserved 	 will_stay_reverse 	 Refrigerated foods
stored in the freezer 	 will_stay_if_reverse 	 Refrigerated foods
longer 	 will_stay_reverse 	 Refrigerated foods
Refrigerated foods 	 will_stay_if 	 stored in the freezer
Refrigerated foods 	 will_stay 	 longer
you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period 	 talks_about 	 turned off for an extended period
you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period 	 talks_about 	 an extended period
an extended period 	 turned_off_for_reverse 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 turned_off_for 	 an extended period
food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated 	 talks_about 	 prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated
food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated 	 talks_about 	 food packaging
prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated 	 should_be_wiped_down_to_reverse 	 food packaging
food packaging 	 should_be_wiped_down_to 	 prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated
the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place 	 talks_about 	 a hot place
the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place 	 talks_about 	 a humid place
the refrigerator 	 is_kept_in 	 a hot place
a hot place 	 is_kept_in_reverse 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 is_kept_in 	 a humid place
a humid place 	 is_kept_in_reverse 	 the refrigerator
frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form 	 talks_about 	 condensation to form
frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form 	 talks_about 	 frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator
condensation to form 	 may_cause_reverse 	 frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator
frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator 	 may_cause 	 condensation to form
the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often 	 talks_about 	 too often
the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator door or freezer drawer
too often 	 closed_reverse 	 the refrigerator door or freezer drawer
the refrigerator door or freezer drawer 	 closed 	 too often
warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise the refrigerator temperature 	 talks_about 	 warm air
the refrigerator 	 may_penetrate_reverse 	 warm air
warm air 	 may_penetrate 	 the refrigerator
you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation 	 talks_about 	 home
you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation 	 talks_about 	 a short period
['Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. Do not put more unfrozen food into the freezer than will freeze within 24 hours (no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space). Leave enough space in the freezer for air to circulate around packages. Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.', 'Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used (how airtight and moisture-proof) and the storage temperature. Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. This simply means that moisture in the food and air inside the package have condensed, creating ice crystals.'] 	 talks_about 	 Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food.
['Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. Do not put more unfrozen food into the freezer than will freeze within 24 hours (no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space). Leave enough space in the freezer for air to circulate around packages. Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.', 'Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used (how airtight and moisture-proof) and the storage temperature. Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. This simply means that moisture in the food and air inside the package have condensed, creating ice crystals.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not put more unfrozen food into Your freezer than will freeze within 24 hours ( no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space ).
['Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. Do not put more unfrozen food into the freezer than will freeze within 24 hours (no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space). Leave enough space in the freezer for air to circulate around packages. Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.', 'Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used (how airtight and moisture-proof) and the storage temperature. Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. This simply means that moisture in the food and air inside the package have condensed, creating ice crystals.'] 	 talks_about 	 Leave enough space in Your freezer for air to circulate around packages.
['Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. Do not put more unfrozen food into the freezer than will freeze within 24 hours (no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space). Leave enough space in the freezer for air to circulate around packages. Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.', 'Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used (how airtight and moisture-proof) and the storage temperature. Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. This simply means that moisture in the food and air inside the package have condensed, creating ice crystals.'] 	 talks_about 	 Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.
['Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. Do not put more unfrozen food into the freezer than will freeze within 24 hours (no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space). Leave enough space in the freezer for air to circulate around packages. Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.', 'Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used (how airtight and moisture-proof) and the storage temperature. Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. This simply means that moisture in the food and air inside the package have condensed, creating ice crystals.'] 	 talks_about 	 Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used ( how airtight and moisture-proof ) and the storage temperature.
['Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. Do not put more unfrozen food into the freezer than will freeze within 24 hours (no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space). Leave enough space in the freezer for air to circulate around packages. Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.', 'Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used (how airtight and moisture-proof) and the storage temperature. Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. This simply means that moisture in the food and air inside the package have condensed, creating ice crystals.'] 	 talks_about 	 Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal.
['Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. Do not put more unfrozen food into the freezer than will freeze within 24 hours (no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space). Leave enough space in the freezer for air to circulate around packages. Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.', 'Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used (how airtight and moisture-proof) and the storage temperature. Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. This simply means that moisture in the food and air inside the package have condensed, creating ice crystals.'] 	 talks_about 	 are simply means that moisture in the food and air inside a sealed package have condensed, creating ice crystals.
Do not put more unfrozen food into Your freezer than will freeze within 24 hours ( no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space ). 	 talks_about 	 than will freeze within 24 hours no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space
Do not put more unfrozen food into Your freezer than will freeze within 24 hours ( no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space ). 	 talks_about 	 Do not put more unfrozen food into Your freezer
Leave enough space in Your freezer for air to circulate around packages. 	 talks_about 	 for air to circulate around packages
Leave enough space in Your freezer for air to circulate around packages. 	 talks_about 	 Leave enough space in Your freezer
Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly. 	 talks_about 	 the door can close tightly
Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly. 	 talks_about 	 Be careful to leave enough room at the front
Be careful to leave enough room at the front 	 Result 	 the door can close tightly
the door can close tightly 	 Reason 	 Be careful to leave enough room at the front
Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used ( how airtight and moisture-proof ) and the storage temperature. 	 talks_about 	 how airtight and moisture-proof
Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used ( how airtight and moisture-proof ) and the storage temperature. 	 talks_about 	 Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used and the storage temperature
are simply means that moisture in the food and air inside a sealed package have condensed, creating ice crystals. 	 talks_about 	 moisture in the food and air inside a sealed package have condensed, creating ice crystals
are simply means that moisture in the food and air inside a sealed package have condensed, creating ice crystals. 	 talks_about 	 are simply means
are simply means 	 that 	 moisture in the food and air inside a sealed package have condensed , creating ice crystals
Do not put more unfrozen food into Your freezer 	 paraphrase 	 more unfrozen food should not be put into Your freezer
more unfrozen food should not be put into Your freezer 	 talks_about 	 more unfrozen food
more unfrozen food should not be put into Your freezer 	 talks_about 	 into Your freezer
more unfrozen food 	 should_not_be_put 	 into Your freezer
Leave enough space in Your freezer 	 paraphrase 	 enough space should be leaved in Your freezer
enough space should be leaved in Your freezer 	 talks_about 	 enough space
enough space should be leaved in Your freezer 	 talks_about 	 in Your freezer
enough space 	 should_be_leaved 	 in Your freezer
Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. 	 talks_about 	 a large quantity of food
Your freezer will not quick-freeze a large quantity of food. 	 talks_about 	 Your freezer
a large quantity of food 	 will_not_quick-freeze_reverse 	 Your freezer
Your freezer 	 will_not_quick-freeze 	 a large quantity of food
Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. 	 talks_about 	 Ice crystals inside a sealed package
Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. 	 talks_about 	 normal
Ice crystals inside a sealed package 	 are 	 normal
normal 	 are_reverse 	 Ice crystals inside a sealed package
more unfrozen food should not be put into Your freezer 	 talks_about 	 Your freezer
more unfrozen food 	 should_not_be_put_into 	 Your freezer
Your freezer 	 should_not_be_put_into_reverse 	 more unfrozen food
for air to circulate around packages 	 talks_about 	 air
for air to circulate around packages 	 talks_about 	 packages
air 	 to_circulate 	 packages
packages 	 to_circulate_reverse 	 air
enough space should be leaved in Your freezer 	 talks_about 	 Your freezer
enough space 	 should_be_leaved_in 	 Your freezer
Your freezer 	 should_be_leaved_in_reverse 	 enough space
['Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. When you close and seal the package, it must not allow air or moisture in or out. If it does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food.', 'Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods.'] 	 talks_about 	 Successful freezing depends on correct packaging.
['Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. When you close and seal the package, it must not allow air or moisture in or out. If it does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food.', 'Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods.'] 	 talks_about 	 When you close and seal the package, the package must not allow air or moisture in or out.
['Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. When you close and seal the package, it must not allow air or moisture in or out. If it does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food.', 'Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods.'] 	 talks_about 	 If the package does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food.
['Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. When you close and seal the package, it must not allow air or moisture in or out. If it does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food.', 'Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods.'] 	 talks_about 	 Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods.
When you close and seal the package, the package must not allow air or moisture in or out. 	 talks_about 	 you close and seal the package
When you close and seal the package, the package must not allow air or moisture in or out. 	 talks_about 	 the package must not allow air or moisture in or out
the package must not allow air or moisture in or out 	 Synchronous 	 you close and seal the package
you close and seal the package 	 Synchronous 	 the package must not allow air or moisture in or out
If the package does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food. 	 talks_about 	 the package does
If the package does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food. 	 talks_about 	 you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food
you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food 	 Condition 	 the package does
the package does 	 Follows 	 you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food
Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods. 	 paraphrase 	 package or container instructions for proper freezing methods should be followed 
Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. 	 talks_about 	 Successful freezing
Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. 	 talks_about 	 correct packaging
Successful freezing 	 depends_on 	 correct packaging
correct packaging 	 depends_on_reverse 	 Successful freezing
you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food 	 talks_about 	 frozen food
you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food 	 talks_about 	 food odor
you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food 	 talks_about 	 taste transfer throughout the refrigerator
you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
['Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids', 'Straight-sided canning/freezing jars', 'Heavy-duty aluminum foil', 'Plastic-coated paper', 'Non-permeable plastic wraps', 'Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags'] 	 talks_about 	 Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids Straight-sided canning/freezing jars Heavy-duty aluminum foil Plastic-coated paper Non-permeable plastic wraps Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags
Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids Straight-sided canning/freezing jars Heavy-duty aluminum foil Plastic-coated paper Non-permeable plastic wraps Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags 	 talks_about 	 paper Non-permeable plastic wraps Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags
Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids Straight-sided canning/freezing jars Heavy-duty aluminum foil Plastic-coated paper Non-permeable plastic wraps Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags 	 talks_about 	 Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids
Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids Straight-sided canning/freezing jars Heavy-duty aluminum foil Plastic-coated paper Non-permeable plastic wraps Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags 	 talks_about 	 Heavy-duty aluminum foil
paper Non-permeable plastic wraps Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags 	 Plastic-coated_reverse 	 Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids
Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids 	 Plastic-coated 	 paper Non-permeable plastic wraps Specified freezer-grade self-sealing plastic bags
Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids 	 Plastic-coated_paper_Non-permeable_plastic_wraps_Specified_freezer-grade_self-sealing_plastic_bags 	 Heavy-duty aluminum foil
Heavy-duty aluminum foil 	 Plastic-coated_paper_Non-permeable_plastic_wraps_Specified_freezer-grade_self-sealing_plastic_bags_reverse 	 Rigid plastic containers with tight-fitting lids
['Bread wrappers', 'Non-polyethylene plastic containers', 'Containers without tight lids', 'Wax paper or wax-coated freezer wrap', 'Thin, semi-permeable wrap'] 	 talks_about 	 Bread wrappers Non-polyethylene plastic containers Containers without tight lids Wax paper or wax-coated freezer wrap Thin, semi-permeable wrap
Bread wrappers Non-polyethylene plastic containers Containers without tight lids Wax paper or wax-coated freezer wrap Thin, semi-permeable wrap 	 talks_about 	 Thin
Bread wrappers Non-polyethylene plastic containers Containers without tight lids Wax paper or wax-coated freezer wrap Thin, semi-permeable wrap 	 talks_about 	 Wax paper or wax-coated freezer
Thin 	 wrap_reverse 	 Wax paper or wax-coated freezer
Wax paper or wax-coated freezer 	 wrap 	 Thin
['The shelves in the refrigerator are adjustable to meet individual storage needs.', 'Adjusting the shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier.'] 	 talks_about 	 Refrigerator Shelves are adjustable to meet individual storage needs.
['The shelves in the refrigerator are adjustable to meet individual storage needs.', 'Adjusting the shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier.'] 	 talks_about 	 Adjusting Refrigerator Shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier.
Adjusting Refrigerator Shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier. 	 talks_about 	 you want easier
Adjusting Refrigerator Shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier. 	 talks_about 	 Adjusting Refrigerator Shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item
Refrigerator Shelves are adjustable to meet individual storage needs. 	 talks_about 	 Refrigerator Shelves
Refrigerator Shelves are adjustable to meet individual storage needs. 	 talks_about 	 individual storage needs
Refrigerator Shelves are adjustable to meet individual storage needs. 	 talks_about 	 adjustable to meet individual storage needs
Refrigerator Shelves 	 to_meet 	 individual storage needs
individual storage needs 	 to_meet_reverse 	 Refrigerator Shelves
Refrigerator Shelves 	 are 	 adjustable to meet individual storage needs
adjustable to meet individual storage needs 	 are_reverse 	 Refrigerator Shelves
you want easier 	 talks_about 	 easier
['Store taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf. Pull the front of the shelf forward to return to a full shelf.'] 	 talks_about 	 Store taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf.
['Store taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf. Pull the front of the shelf forward to return to a full shelf.'] 	 talks_about 	 Pull the front half of the shelf forward to return to a full shelf.
Store taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf. 	 paraphrase 	 taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf
taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks_about 	 taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles,
taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks_about 	 by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf
taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, 	 should_be_stored 	 by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf
Pull the front half of the shelf forward to return to a full shelf. 	 paraphrase 	 the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf
the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf 	 talks_about 	 the front half of the shelf
the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf 	 talks_about 	 forward to return to a full shelf
the front half of the shelf 	 should_be_pulled 	 forward to return to a full shelf
taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks_about 	 taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles
taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks_about 	 the back half of the shelf
taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks_about 	 the front half of the shelf
taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, should be stored by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 talks_about 	 pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf
taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles 	 by_pushing_the_front_half_of_the_shelf_underneath 	 the back half of the shelf
taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles 	 by_pushing 	 the front half of the shelf
the back half of the shelf 	 by_pushing_the_front_half_of_the_shelf_underneath_reverse 	 taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles
taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles 	 should_be_stored_by 	 pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf
pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf 	 should_be_stored_by_reverse 	 taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles
the front half of the shelf 	 by_pushing_reverse 	 taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles
the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf 	 talks_about 	 forward
the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf 	 talks_about 	 a full shelf
the front half of the shelf should be pulled forward to return to a full shelf 	 talks_about 	 return to a full shelf
forward 	 should_be_pulled_reverse 	 the front half of the shelf
the front half of the shelf 	 should_be_pulled 	 forward
a full shelf 	 to_return_to_reverse 	 the front half of the shelf
the front half of the shelf 	 should_be_pulled_forward_to 	 return to a full shelf
the front half of the shelf 	 to_return_to 	 a full shelf
return to a full shelf 	 should_be_pulled_forward_to_reverse 	 the front half of the shelf
['Glass shelves are heavy. Use special care when removing them.', 'Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'] 	 talks_about 	 Glass shelves are heavy.
['Glass shelves are heavy. Use special care when removing them.', 'Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'] 	 talks_about 	 Use special care when removing Glass shelves.
['Glass shelves are heavy. Use special care when removing them.', 'Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while glass shelves are cold.
['Glass shelves are heavy. Use special care when removing them.', 'Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'] 	 talks_about 	 Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.
Use special care when removing Glass shelves. 	 talks_about 	 removing Glass shelves
Use special care when removing Glass shelves. 	 talks_about 	 Use special care
Use special care 	 Synchronous 	 removing Glass shelves
removing Glass shelves 	 Synchronous 	 Use special care
Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while glass shelves are cold. 	 talks_about 	 glass shelves are cold
Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while glass shelves are cold. 	 talks_about 	 Do not clean glass shelves with warm water
Do not clean glass shelves with warm water 	 Synchronous 	 glass shelves are cold
glass shelves are cold 	 Synchronous 	 Do not clean glass shelves with warm water
Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact. 	 talks_about 	 exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact
Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact. 	 talks_about 	 Shelves may break
Shelves may break 	 Condition 	 exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact
exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact 	 Follows 	 Shelves may break
Use special care 	 paraphrase 	 special care should be used 
Do not clean glass shelves with warm water 	 paraphrase 	 glass shelves should not be cleaned with warm water
glass shelves should not be cleaned with warm water 	 talks_about 	 glass shelves
glass shelves should not be cleaned with warm water 	 talks_about 	 with warm water
glass shelves 	 should_not_be_cleaned 	 with warm water
Glass shelves are heavy. 	 talks_about 	 heavy
Glass shelves are heavy. 	 talks_about 	 Glass shelves
heavy 	 are_reverse 	 Glass shelves
Glass shelves 	 are 	 heavy
glass shelves are cold 	 talks_about 	 glass shelves
glass shelves are cold 	 talks_about 	 cold
glass shelves 	 are 	 cold
cold 	 are_reverse 	 glass shelves
glass shelves should not be cleaned with warm water 	 talks_about 	 warm water
glass shelves 	 should_not_be_cleaned_with 	 warm water
warm water 	 should_not_be_cleaned_with_reverse 	 glass shelves
['Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while glass shelves are cold.
['Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'] 	 talks_about 	 Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.
['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf then lift the shelf straight up at the back.', 'Tilt the shelf at an angle and pull it out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.'] 	 talks_about 	 Tilt the shelf at an angle and pull the shelf out.
['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf then lift the shelf straight up at the back.', 'Tilt the shelf at an angle and pull it out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.'] 	 talks_about 	 Lower the front of the shelf so that the shelf hooks drop into the slots.
['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf then lift the shelf straight up at the back.', 'Tilt the shelf at an angle and pull it out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.'] 	 talks_about 	 Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other.
['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf then lift the shelf straight up at the back.', 'Tilt the shelf at an angle and pull it out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.'] 	 talks_about 	 Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.
Lower the front of the shelf so that the shelf hooks drop into the slots. 	 talks_about 	 the shelf hooks drop into the slots
Lower the front of the shelf so that the shelf hooks drop into the slots. 	 talks_about 	 Lower the front of the shelf
Lower the front of the shelf 	 Result 	 the shelf hooks drop into the slots
the shelf hooks drop into the slots 	 Reason 	 Lower the front of the shelf
Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. 	 talks_about 	 shelves are level from one side to the other
Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. 	 talks_about 	 Make sure
Make sure 	 that 	 shelves are level from one side to the other
Lower the front of the shelf 	 paraphrase 	 the front of the shelf should be lowered 
Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food. 	 talks_about 	 Failure to do so
Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food. 	 talks_about 	 the shelf falling or spilled food
Failure to do so 	 may_result_in 	 the shelf falling or spilled food
the shelf falling or spilled food 	 may_result_in_reverse 	 Failure to do so
the shelf hooks drop into the slots 	 talks_about 	 the shelf
the shelf hooks drop into the slots 	 talks_about 	 the slots
the shelf 	 hooks_drop_into 	 the slots
the slots 	 hooks_drop_into_reverse 	 the shelf
shelves are level from one side to the other 	 talks_about 	 shelves
shelves are level from one side to the other 	 talks_about 	 level from one side to the other
shelves 	 are 	 level from one side to the other
level from one side to the other 	 are_reverse 	 shelves
['Remove items from on top of the glass cover before removing the cover.', 'Take care when handling the glass cover. There is still a risk of injury if the glass is broken, even though it is tempered glass.', 'Take care when removing or assembling the cover not to catch hands between the cover and the drawers.'] 	 talks_about 	 Remove items from on top of the glass cover before removing the glass cover.
['Remove items from on top of the glass cover before removing the cover.', 'Take care when handling the glass cover. There is still a risk of injury if the glass is broken, even though it is tempered glass.', 'Take care when removing or assembling the cover not to catch hands between the cover and the drawers.'] 	 talks_about 	 Take care when handling the glass cover.
['Remove items from on top of the glass cover before removing the cover.', 'Take care when handling the glass cover. There is still a risk of injury if the glass is broken, even though it is tempered glass.', 'Take care when removing or assembling the cover not to catch hands between the cover and the drawers.'] 	 talks_about 	 There is still a risk of injury if the glass cover is broken, even though the glass cover is tempered glass.
['Remove items from on top of the glass cover before removing the cover.', 'Take care when handling the glass cover. There is still a risk of injury if the glass is broken, even though it is tempered glass.', 'Take care when removing or assembling the cover not to catch hands between the cover and the drawers.'] 	 talks_about 	 Take care when removing or assembling the glass cover not to catch hands between the glass cover and the drawers.
Remove items from on top of the glass cover before removing the glass cover. 	 paraphrase 	 items should be removed from on top of the glass cover before removing the glass cover
items should be removed from on top of the glass cover before removing the glass cover 	 talks_about 	 items
items should be removed from on top of the glass cover before removing the glass cover 	 talks_about 	 from on top of the glass cover before removing the glass cover
items 	 should_be_removed 	 from on top of the glass cover before removing the glass cover
Take care when handling the glass cover. 	 talks_about 	 handling the glass cover
Take care when handling the glass cover. 	 talks_about 	 Take care
Take care 	 Synchronous 	 handling the glass cover
handling the glass cover 	 Synchronous 	 Take care
There is still a risk of injury if the glass cover is broken, even though the glass cover is tempered glass. 	 talks_about 	 the glass cover is broken
There is still a risk of injury if the glass cover is broken, even though the glass cover is tempered glass. 	 talks_about 	 There is still a risk of injury, even though the glass cover is tempered glass
There is still a risk of injury , even though the glass cover is tempered glass 	 Condition 	 the glass cover is broken
the glass cover is broken 	 Follows 	 There is still a risk of injury , even though the glass cover is tempered glass
Take care when removing or assembling the glass cover not to catch hands between the glass cover and the drawers. 	 talks_about 	 removing or assembling the glass cover not to catch hands between the glass cover and the drawers
Take care when removing or assembling the glass cover not to catch hands between the glass cover and the drawers. 	 talks_about 	 Take care
Take care 	 Synchronous 	 removing or assembling the glass cover not to catch hands between the glass cover and the drawers
removing or assembling the glass cover not to catch hands between the glass cover and the drawers 	 Synchronous 	 Take care
Take care 	 paraphrase 	 care should be taken 
There is still a risk of injury , even though the glass cover is tempered glass 	 talks_about 	 even though the glass cover is tempered glass
There is still a risk of injury , even though the glass cover is tempered glass 	 talks_about 	 There is still a risk of injury
items should be removed from on top of the glass cover before removing the glass cover 	 talks_about 	 on top of the glass cover
items should be removed from on top of the glass cover before removing the glass cover 	 talks_about 	 removing the glass cover
items 	 should_be_removed_from 	 on top of the glass cover
on top of the glass cover 	 should_be_removed_from_reverse 	 items
removing the glass cover 	 should_be_removed_from_on_top_of_the_glass_cover_before_reverse 	 items
items 	 should_be_removed_from_on_top_of_the_glass_cover_before 	 removing the glass cover
['Lift the front of one drawer to remove it from its guides and pull straight out. Repeat to remove the second drawer.', 'Lift the front of the cover with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand.', 'Tilt the cover 45 degrees and pull it forward to remove it.'] 	 talks_about 	 Lift the front of one drawer to remove one drawer from one drawer guides and pull straight out.
['Lift the front of one drawer to remove it from its guides and pull straight out. Repeat to remove the second drawer.', 'Lift the front of the cover with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand.', 'Tilt the cover 45 degrees and pull it forward to remove it.'] 	 talks_about 	 Repeat to remove the second drawer.
['Lift the front of one drawer to remove it from its guides and pull straight out. Repeat to remove the second drawer.', 'Lift the front of the cover with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand.', 'Tilt the cover 45 degrees and pull it forward to remove it.'] 	 talks_about 	 Lift the front of the cover with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand.
['Lift the front of one drawer to remove it from its guides and pull straight out. Repeat to remove the second drawer.', 'Lift the front of the cover with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand.', 'Tilt the cover 45 degrees and pull it forward to remove it.'] 	 talks_about 	 Tilt the cover 45 degrees and pull the cover forward to remove the cover.
Lift the front of one drawer to remove one drawer from one drawer guides and pull straight out. 	 paraphrase 	 the front of one drawer should be lifted to remove one drawer from one drawer guides and pull straight out
the front of one drawer should be lifted to remove one drawer from one drawer guides and pull straight out 	 talks_about 	 the front of one drawer
the front of one drawer should be lifted to remove one drawer from one drawer guides and pull straight out 	 talks_about 	 to remove one drawer from one drawer guides and pull straight out
the front of one drawer 	 should_be_lifted 	 to remove one drawer from one drawer guides and pull straight out
Lift the front of the cover with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand. 	 paraphrase 	 the front of the cover should be lifted with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand
the front of the cover should be lifted with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand 	 talks_about 	 the front of the cover
the front of the cover should be lifted with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand 	 talks_about 	 with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand
the front of the cover 	 should_be_lifted 	 with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand
the front of one drawer should be lifted to remove one drawer from one drawer guides and pull straight out 	 talks_about 	 remove one drawer from one drawer guides
the front of one drawer should be lifted to remove one drawer from one drawer guides and pull straight out 	 talks_about 	 straight out
the front of one drawer should be lifted to remove one drawer from one drawer guides and pull straight out 	 talks_about 	 pull straight out
the front of one drawer 	 should_be_lifted_to 	 remove one drawer from one drawer guides
remove one drawer from one drawer guides 	 should_be_lifted_to_reverse 	 the front of one drawer
straight out 	 to_pull_reverse 	 the front of one drawer
the front of one drawer 	 should_be_lifted_to 	 pull straight out
the front of one drawer 	 to_pull 	 straight out
pull straight out 	 should_be_lifted_to_reverse 	 the front of one drawer
['Hold the cover at a 45-degree angle and insert it into the refrigerator.', 'Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower it onto the guides. Push the cover back into place.', 'Tilt up the front of one drawer and insert the rollers into the side guides. Lower the drawer and push it in. Repeat with second drawer.'] 	 talks_about 	 Hold the cover at a 45-degree angle and insert the cover into the refrigerator.
['Hold the cover at a 45-degree angle and insert it into the refrigerator.', 'Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower it onto the guides. Push the cover back into place.', 'Tilt up the front of one drawer and insert the rollers into the side guides. Lower the drawer and push it in. Repeat with second drawer.'] 	 talks_about 	 Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower the cover onto the guides.
['Hold the cover at a 45-degree angle and insert it into the refrigerator.', 'Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower it onto the guides. Push the cover back into place.', 'Tilt up the front of one drawer and insert the rollers into the side guides. Lower the drawer and push it in. Repeat with second drawer.'] 	 talks_about 	 Push the cover back into place.
['Hold the cover at a 45-degree angle and insert it into the refrigerator.', 'Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower it onto the guides. Push the cover back into place.', 'Tilt up the front of one drawer and insert the rollers into the side guides. Lower the drawer and push it in. Repeat with second drawer.'] 	 talks_about 	 Tilt up the front of one drawer and insert the rollers into the side guides.
['Hold the cover at a 45-degree angle and insert it into the refrigerator.', 'Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower it onto the guides. Push the cover back into place.', 'Tilt up the front of one drawer and insert the rollers into the side guides. Lower the drawer and push it in. Repeat with second drawer.'] 	 talks_about 	 Lower one drawer and push one drawer in.
['Hold the cover at a 45-degree angle and insert it into the refrigerator.', 'Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower it onto the guides. Push the cover back into place.', 'Tilt up the front of one drawer and insert the rollers into the side guides. Lower the drawer and push it in. Repeat with second drawer.'] 	 talks_about 	 Repeat with second drawer.
Push the cover back into place. 	 paraphrase 	 the cover should be pushed back into place
the cover should be pushed back into place 	 talks_about 	 the cover
the cover should be pushed back into place 	 talks_about 	 back into place
the cover 	 should_be_pushed 	 back into place
Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower the cover onto the guides. 	 talks_about 	 Supporting the cover with one hand
Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower the cover onto the guides. 	 talks_about 	 a horizontal position
Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower the cover onto the guides. 	 talks_about 	 the cover
Supporting the cover with one hand 	 bring_the_cover_to 	 a horizontal position
Supporting the cover with one hand 	 bring 	 the cover
a horizontal position 	 bring_the_cover_to_reverse 	 Supporting the cover with one hand
the cover 	 bring_reverse 	 Supporting the cover with one hand
back into place 	 should_be_pushed_reverse 	 the cover
['The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.'] 	 talks_about 	 Door Bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.
Door Bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment. 	 talks_about 	 removable for easy adjustment
Door Bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment. 	 talks_about 	 Door Bins
Door Bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment. 	 talks_about 	 removable for easy cleaning
removable for easy adjustment 	 are_reverse 	 Door Bins
Door Bins 	 are 	 removable for easy cleaning
Door Bins 	 are 	 removable for easy adjustment
removable for easy cleaning 	 are_reverse 	 Door Bins
['To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out.', 'To replace the bin, slide it in above the desired support and push down until it snaps into place.'] 	 talks_about 	 To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out.
To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out. 	 talks_about 	 the bin
To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out. 	 talks_about 	 simply lift the bin up and pull straight out
the bin 	 should_be_removed_by 	 simply lift the bin up and pull straight out
['To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out.', 'To replace the bin, slide it in above the desired support and push down until it snaps into place.'] 	 talks_about 	 To replace the bin, slide the bin in above the desired support and push down until the bin snaps into place.
To replace the bin, slide the bin in above the desired support and push down until the bin snaps into place. 	 talks_about 	 the bin
To replace the bin, slide the bin in above the desired support and push down until the bin snaps into place. 	 talks_about 	 slide the bin in above the desired support and push down until the bin snaps into place
the bin 	 should_be_replaced_by 	 slide the bin in above the desired support and push down until the bin snaps into place
['Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; they can become easily contaminated by food.', 'Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.', 'Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.'] 	 talks_about 	 Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food.
['Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; they can become easily contaminated by food.', 'Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.', 'Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.
['Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; they can become easily contaminated by food.', 'Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.', 'Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.
Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food. 	 talks_about 	 Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves
Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food. 	 talks_about 	 the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food
Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins. 	 talks_about 	 detaching or assembling the storage bins
Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins. 	 talks_about 	 Do not apply excessive force
Do not apply excessive force 	 Synchronous 	 detaching or assembling the storage bins
detaching or assembling the storage bins 	 Synchronous 	 Do not apply excessive force
Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves. 	 paraphrase 	 the dishwasher should not be used to clean the storage bins and shelves
the dishwasher should not be used to clean the storage bins and shelves 	 talks_about 	 the dishwasher
the dishwasher should not be used to clean the storage bins and shelves 	 talks_about 	 to clean the storage bins and shelves
the dishwasher 	 should_not_be_used 	 to clean the storage bins and shelves
Do not apply excessive force 	 paraphrase 	 excessive force should not be applied 
the dishwasher should not be used to clean the storage bins and shelves 	 talks_about 	 clean the storage bins
the dishwasher should not be used to clean the storage bins and shelves 	 talks_about 	 clean the storage shelves
clean the storage bins 	 should_not_be_used_to_reverse 	 the dishwasher
clean the storage shelves 	 should_not_be_used_to_reverse 	 the dishwasher
the dishwasher 	 should_not_be_used_to 	 clean the storage bins
the dishwasher 	 should_not_be_used_to 	 clean the storage shelves
the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food 	 talks_about 	 the storage bins
the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food 	 talks_about 	 food
the storage bins and shelves can become easily contaminated by food 	 talks_about 	 shelves
the storage bins 	 can_become_easily_contaminated_by 	 food
shelves 	 can_become_easily_contaminated_by 	 food
food 	 can_become_easily_contaminated_by_reverse 	 the storage bins
food 	 can_become_easily_contaminated_by_reverse 	 shelves
['The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections. It can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes.'] 	 talks_about 	 The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections.
['The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections. It can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes.'] 	 talks_about 	 The Durabase divider can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes.
The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections. 	 talks_about 	 you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections
The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections. 	 talks_about 	 The Durabase divider
you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections 	 allows_reverse 	 The Durabase divider
The Durabase divider 	 allows 	 you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections
The Durabase divider can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes. 	 talks_about 	 The Durabase divider
The Durabase divider can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes. 	 talks_about 	 accommodate items of different sizes
The Durabase divider can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes. 	 talks_about 	 side
The Durabase divider 	 can_be_adjusted_to 	 accommodate items of different sizes
side 	 can_be_adjusted_to_reverse 	 The Durabase divider
accommodate items of different sizes 	 can_be_adjusted_to_reverse 	 The Durabase divider
The Durabase divider 	 can_be_adjusted_to 	 side
['If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside. To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer.'] 	 talks_about 	 If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside.
['If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside. To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer.'] 	 talks_about 	 To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer.
To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer. 	 talks_about 	 accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk
To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer. 	 talks_about 	 DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer
accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk 	 should_be_prevented_by 	 DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer
If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside. 	 talks_about 	 the Durabase divider is removed
If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside. 	 talks_about 	 there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside
there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside 	 Condition 	 the Durabase divider is removed
the Durabase divider is removed 	 Follows 	 there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside
there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside 	 talks_about 	 for children or pets to crawl inside
there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside 	 talks_about 	 there is enough open space
for children or pets to crawl inside 	 talks_about 	 inside
for children or pets to crawl inside 	 talks_about 	 children or pets
inside 	 to_crawl_reverse 	 children or pets
children or pets 	 to_crawl 	 inside
['Please read the following installation instructions first after purchasing this product or transporting it to another location.'] 	 talks_about 	 Please read the following installation instructions first after purchasing this product or transporting this product to another location.
['Unpacking the Refrigerator', 'Choosing the Proper Location', 'Disassembling/Assembling', 'Leveling and Door Alignment'] 	 talks_about 	 Unpacking the Refrigerator Choosing the Proper Location Disassembling/Assembling Leveling and Door Alignment
Unpacking the Refrigerator Choosing the Proper Location Disassembling/Assembling Leveling and Door Alignment 	 talks_about 	 the Refrigerator
Unpacking the Refrigerator Choosing the Proper Location Disassembling/Assembling Leveling and Door Alignment 	 talks_about 	 the Proper Location Disassembling/Assembling Leveling
the Refrigerator 	 Choosing 	 the Proper Location Disassembling/Assembling Leveling
the Proper Location Disassembling/Assembling Leveling 	 Choosing_reverse 	 the Refrigerator
['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.'] 	 talks_about 	 Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using.
['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of your refrigerator.
['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.'] 	 talks_about 	 To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb.
To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. 	 talks_about 	 any remaining tape or glue
To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. 	 talks_about 	 rub the area briskly with your thumb
any remaining tape or glue 	 should_be_removed_by 	 rub the area briskly with your thumb
['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.'] 	 talks_about 	 Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers.
['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.'] 	 talks_about 	 Wipe with warm water and dry.
['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue.
['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.'] 	 talks_about 	 sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners can damage the surface of your refrigerator.
['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.'] 	 talks_about 	 Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed.
['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.'] 	 talks_about 	 Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position.
['Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of the refrigerator.', 'To remove any remaining tape or glue, rub the area briskly with your thumb. Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. Wipe with warm water and dry.', 'Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. These products can damage the surface of your refrigerator.', 'Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.'] 	 talks_about 	 Reinstall shelves according to your individual storage needs.
Remove tape and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using. 	 paraphrase 	 tape should be removed and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using
tape should be removed and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using 	 talks_about 	 tape
tape should be removed and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using 	 talks_about 	 and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using
tape 	 should_be_removed 	 and any temporary labels from your refrigerator before using
Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of your refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 is located under the front of your refrigerator
Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet that is located under the front of your refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 Do not remove any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet
Do not remove any warning labels , the model and serial number label , or the Tech Sheet 	 that 	 is located under the front of your refrigerator
Do not use sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners to remove tape or glue. 	 paraphrase 	 abrasive cleaners should not be used , rubbing, , or to remove tape or glue
abrasive cleaners should not be used , rubbing, , or to remove tape or glue 	 talks_about 	 abrasive cleaners
abrasive cleaners should not be used , rubbing, , or to remove tape or glue 	 talks_about 	 , rubbing, , or to remove tape or glue
abrasive cleaners 	 should_not_be_used 	 , rubbing, , or to remove tape or glue
Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. 	 talks_about 	 as needed
Reinstall or adjust shelves as needed. 	 talks_about 	 Reinstall or adjust shelves
Do not remove any warning labels , the model and serial number label , or the Tech Sheet 	 paraphrase 	 any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet should be removed not
any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet should be removed not 	 talks_about 	 any warning labels, the model and serial number label, or the Tech Sheet
Reinstall or adjust shelves 	 paraphrase 	 shelves should be adjusted or
shelves should be adjusted or 	 talks_about 	 shelves
Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. 	 talks_about 	 Tape or glue residue
Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. 	 talks_about 	 a small amount of liquid dish soap
Tape or glue residue can also be easily removed by rubbing a small amount of liquid dish soap over the adhesive with your fingers. 	 talks_about 	 the adhesive with your fingers
Tape or glue residue 	 by_rubbing 	 a small amount of liquid dish soap
the adhesive with your fingers 	 by_rubbing_a_small_amount_of_liquid_dish_soap_over_reverse 	 Tape or glue residue
Tape or glue residue 	 by_rubbing_a_small_amount_of_liquid_dish_soap_over 	 the adhesive with your fingers
a small amount of liquid dish soap 	 by_rubbing_reverse 	 Tape or glue residue
sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners can damage the surface of your refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners
sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners can damage the surface of your refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 the surface of your refrigerator
sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners 	 can_damage 	 the surface of your refrigerator
the surface of your refrigerator 	 can_damage_reverse 	 sharp instruments, rubbing alcohol, flammable fluids, or abrasive cleaners
Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. 	 talks_about 	 Refrigerator shelves
Refrigerator shelves are installed in the shipping position. 	 talks_about 	 the shipping position
Refrigerator shelves 	 are_installed_in 	 the shipping position
the shipping position 	 are_installed_in_reverse 	 Refrigerator shelves
['Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury.', 'The refrigerator is heavy. Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving it. Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move it, as floor damage could occur.', 'Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'] 	 talks_about 	 Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator.
['Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury.', 'The refrigerator is heavy. Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving it. Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move it, as floor damage could occur.', 'Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'] 	 talks_about 	 Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury.
['Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury.', 'The refrigerator is heavy. Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving it. Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move it, as floor damage could occur.', 'Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'] 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator is heavy.
['Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury.', 'The refrigerator is heavy. Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving it. Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move it, as floor damage could occur.', 'Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'] 	 talks_about 	 Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service.
['Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury.', 'The refrigerator is heavy. Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving it. Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move it, as floor damage could occur.', 'Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'] 	 talks_about 	 Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving the refrigerator.
['Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury.', 'The refrigerator is heavy. Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving it. Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move it, as floor damage could occur.', 'Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move the refrigerator, as floor damage could occur.
['Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury.', 'The refrigerator is heavy. Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving it. Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move it, as floor damage could occur.', 'Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'] 	 talks_about 	 Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator.
['Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury.', 'The refrigerator is heavy. Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving it. Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move it, as floor damage could occur.', 'Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'] 	 talks_about 	 Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.
Use two or more people to move and install the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 two or more people should be used to move and install the refrigerator
two or more people should be used to move and install the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 two or more people
two or more people should be used to move and install the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 to move and install the refrigerator
two or more people 	 should_be_used 	 to move and install the refrigerator
Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. 	 talks_about 	 moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service
Protect the floor when moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service. 	 talks_about 	 Protect the floor
Protect the floor 	 Synchronous 	 moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service
moving the refrigerator for cleaning or service 	 Synchronous 	 Protect the floor
Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 moving the refrigerator
Always pull the refrigerator straight out when moving the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 Always pull the refrigerator straight out
Always pull the refrigerator straight out 	 Synchronous 	 moving the refrigerator
moving the refrigerator 	 Synchronous 	 Always pull the refrigerator straight out
Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move the refrigerator, as floor damage could occur. 	 talks_about 	 trying to move the refrigerator
Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator when trying to move the refrigerator, as floor damage could occur. 	 talks_about 	 Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator, as floor damage could occur
Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator , as floor damage could occur 	 Synchronous 	 trying to move the refrigerator
trying to move the refrigerator 	 Synchronous 	 Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator , as floor damage could occur
Keep flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, away from the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, should be kept away from the refrigerator
flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, should be kept away from the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline,
flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, should be kept away from the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 away from the refrigerator
flammable materials and vapors, such as gasoline, 	 should_be_kept 	 away from the refrigerator
Protect the floor 	 paraphrase 	 the floor should be protected 
Always pull the refrigerator straight out 	 paraphrase 	 the refrigerator should be pulled straight out
the refrigerator should be pulled straight out 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator should be pulled straight out 	 talks_about 	 straight out
the refrigerator 	 should_be_pulled 	 straight out
Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator , as floor damage could occur 	 talks_about 	 as floor damage could occur
Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator , as floor damage could occur 	 talks_about 	 Do not wiggle or walk the refrigerator
two or more people should be used to move and install the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 move and install the refrigerator
two or more people should be used to move and install the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
two or more people 	 should_be_used_to 	 move and install the refrigerator
two or more people 	 to_install 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 to_install_reverse 	 two or more people
move and install the refrigerator 	 should_be_used_to_reverse 	 two or more people
Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury. 	 talks_about 	 back injury or other injury
Failure to do so can result in back injury or other injury. 	 talks_about 	 Failure to do so
back injury or other injury 	 can_result_in_reverse 	 Failure to do so
Failure to do so 	 can_result_in 	 back injury or other injury
the refrigerator is heavy. 	 talks_about 	 heavy
the refrigerator is heavy. 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
heavy 	 is_reverse 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 is 	 heavy
Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death. 	 talks_about 	 Failure to do so
Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death. 	 talks_about 	 fire, explosion, or death
Failure to do so 	 can_result_in 	 fire, explosion, or death
fire, explosion, or death 	 can_result_in_reverse 	 Failure to do so
straight out 	 should_be_pulled_reverse 	 the refrigerator
['Use an individual, grounded outlet115 Volts, 60 Hz, AC, 15 Amps minimum.'] 	 talks_about 	 Use an individual, grounded outlet115 Volts, 60 Hz, AC, 15 Amps minimum.
['Do not overload house wiring and cause a fire hazard by plugging in multiple appliances in the same outlet with the refrigerator.', 'To reduce the risk of electric shock, do not install the refrigerator in a wet or damp area.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not overload house wiring and cause a fire hazard by plugging in multiple appliances in the same outlet with the refrigerator.
['Do not overload house wiring and cause a fire hazard by plugging in multiple appliances in the same outlet with the refrigerator.', 'To reduce the risk of electric shock, do not install the refrigerator in a wet or damp area.'] 	 talks_about 	 To reduce the risk of electric shock, do not install the refrigerator in a wet or damp area.
To reduce the risk of electric shock, do not install the refrigerator in a wet or damp area. 	 talks_about 	 the risk of electric shock
To reduce the risk of electric shock, do not install the refrigerator in a wet or damp area. 	 talks_about 	 do not install the refrigerator in a wet or damp area
the risk of electric shock 	 should_be_reduced_by 	 do not install the refrigerator in a wet or damp area
['To avoid noise and vibration, the unit must be installed and leveled on a solidly constructed floor. If required, adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor.', 'Installing on carpeting, soft tile surfaces, a platform or weakly supported structure is not recommended.'] 	 talks_about 	 To avoid noise and vibration, the unit must be installed and leveled on a solidly constructed floor.
To avoid noise and vibration, the unit must be installed and leveled on a solidly constructed floor. 	 talks_about 	 noise and vibration
To avoid noise and vibration, the unit must be installed and leveled on a solidly constructed floor. 	 talks_about 	 the unit must be installed and leveled on a solidly constructed floor
noise and vibration 	 should_be_avoided_by 	 the unit must be installed and leveled on a solidly constructed floor
['To avoid noise and vibration, the unit must be installed and leveled on a solidly constructed floor. If required, adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor.', 'Installing on carpeting, soft tile surfaces, a platform or weakly supported structure is not recommended.'] 	 talks_about 	 If required, adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor.
['To avoid noise and vibration, the unit must be installed and leveled on a solidly constructed floor. If required, adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor.', 'Installing on carpeting, soft tile surfaces, a platform or weakly supported structure is not recommended.'] 	 talks_about 	 Installing on carpeting, soft tile surfaces, a platform or weakly supported structure is not recommended.
If required, adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor. 	 talks_about 	 required
If required, adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor. 	 talks_about 	 adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor
adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor 	 Condition 	 required
required 	 Follows 	 adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor
adjust the leveling legs to compensate for the unevenness of the floor 	 paraphrase 	 the leveling legs should be adjusted to compensate for the unevenness of the floor
the leveling legs should be adjusted to compensate for the unevenness of the floor 	 talks_about 	 the leveling legs
the leveling legs should be adjusted to compensate for the unevenness of the floor 	 talks_about 	 to compensate for the unevenness of the floor
the leveling legs 	 should_be_adjusted 	 to compensate for the unevenness of the floor
the leveling legs should be adjusted to compensate for the unevenness of the floor 	 talks_about 	 compensate for the unevenness of the floor
the leveling legs 	 should_be_adjusted_to 	 compensate for the unevenness of the floor
compensate for the unevenness of the floor 	 should_be_adjusted_to_reverse 	 the leveling legs
['Install this appliance in an area where the temperature is between 55 °F (13 °C) and 110 °F (43 °C).', 'If the temperature around the appliance is too low or high, cooling ability may be adversely affected.'] 	 talks_about 	 Install this appliance in an area where the temperature is between 55 ° F ( 13 ° C ) and 110 ° F ( 43 ° C ).
['Install this appliance in an area where the temperature is between 55 °F (13 °C) and 110 °F (43 °C).', 'If the temperature around the appliance is too low or high, cooling ability may be adversely affected.'] 	 talks_about 	 If the temperature around this appliance is too low or high, cooling ability may be adversely affected.
Install this appliance in an area where the temperature is between 55 ° F ( 13 ° C ) and 110 ° F ( 43 ° C ). 	 talks_about 	 where the temperature is between 55 ° F 13 ° C and 110 ° F 43 ° C
Install this appliance in an area where the temperature is between 55 ° F ( 13 ° C ) and 110 ° F ( 43 ° C ). 	 talks_about 	 Install this appliance in an area
If the temperature around this appliance is too low or high, cooling ability may be adversely affected. 	 talks_about 	 the temperature around this appliance is too low or high
If the temperature around this appliance is too low or high, cooling ability may be adversely affected. 	 talks_about 	 cooling ability may be adversely affected
cooling ability may be adversely affected 	 Condition 	 the temperature around this appliance is too low or high
the temperature around this appliance is too low or high 	 Follows 	 cooling ability may be adversely affected
Install this appliance in an area 	 paraphrase 	 this appliance should be installed in an area
this appliance should be installed in an area 	 talks_about 	 this appliance
this appliance should be installed in an area 	 talks_about 	 in an area
this appliance 	 should_be_installed 	 in an area
this appliance should be installed in an area 	 talks_about 	 an area
this appliance 	 should_be_installed_in 	 an area
an area 	 should_be_installed_in_reverse 	 this appliance
the temperature around this appliance is too low or high 	 talks_about 	 too low or high
the temperature around this appliance is too low or high 	 talks_about 	 the temperature around this appliance
too low or high 	 is_reverse 	 the temperature around this appliance
the temperature around this appliance 	 is 	 too low or high
['Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings.', 'If an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through, remove the refrigerator doors. See Removing/Assembling the Doors and Drawers in this manual.', 'The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the unit for connections and airflow and space in front to open the doors and drawers.', 'Too small of a distance from adjacent items may result in lowered freezing capability and increased electricity consumption charges. Allow at least 24 inches (610 mm) in front of the refrigerator to open the doors, and at least 2 inches (50 mm) between the back of the refrigerator and the wall.'] 	 talks_about 	 Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings.
['Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings.', 'If an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through, remove the refrigerator doors. See Removing/Assembling the Doors and Drawers in this manual.', 'The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the unit for connections and airflow and space in front to open the doors and drawers.', 'Too small of a distance from adjacent items may result in lowered freezing capability and increased electricity consumption charges. Allow at least 24 inches (610 mm) in front of the refrigerator to open the doors, and at least 2 inches (50 mm) between the back of the refrigerator and the wall.'] 	 talks_about 	 If an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through, remove the refrigerator doors.
['Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings.', 'If an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through, remove the refrigerator doors. See Removing/Assembling the Doors and Drawers in this manual.', 'The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the unit for connections and airflow and space in front to open the doors and drawers.', 'Too small of a distance from adjacent items may result in lowered freezing capability and increased electricity consumption charges. Allow at least 24 inches (610 mm) in front of the refrigerator to open the doors, and at least 2 inches (50 mm) between the back of the refrigerator and the wall.'] 	 talks_about 	 See Removing/Assembling the Doors and Drawers in this manual.
['Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings.', 'If an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through, remove the refrigerator doors. See Removing/Assembling the Doors and Drawers in this manual.', 'The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the unit for connections and airflow and space in front to open the doors and drawers.', 'Too small of a distance from adjacent items may result in lowered freezing capability and increased electricity consumption charges. Allow at least 24 inches (610 mm) in front of the refrigerator to open the doors, and at least 2 inches (50 mm) between the back of the refrigerator and the wall.'] 	 talks_about 	 The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the refrigerator for connections and airflow and space in front to open the Doors and Drawers.
['Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings.', 'If an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through, remove the refrigerator doors. See Removing/Assembling the Doors and Drawers in this manual.', 'The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the unit for connections and airflow and space in front to open the doors and drawers.', 'Too small of a distance from adjacent items may result in lowered freezing capability and increased electricity consumption charges. Allow at least 24 inches (610 mm) in front of the refrigerator to open the doors, and at least 2 inches (50 mm) between the back of the refrigerator and the wall.'] 	 talks_about 	 Too small of a distance from adjacent items may result in lowered freezing capability and increased electricity consumption charges.
['Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings.', 'If an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through, remove the refrigerator doors. See Removing/Assembling the Doors and Drawers in this manual.', 'The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the unit for connections and airflow and space in front to open the doors and drawers.', 'Too small of a distance from adjacent items may result in lowered freezing capability and increased electricity consumption charges. Allow at least 24 inches (610 mm) in front of the refrigerator to open the doors, and at least 2 inches (50 mm) between the back of the refrigerator and the wall.'] 	 talks_about 	 Allow at least 24 inches ( 610 mm ) in front of the refrigerator to open the doors, and at least 2 inches ( 50 mm ) between the back of the refrigerator and the wall.
Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings. 	 talks_about 	 there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings
Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings. 	 talks_about 	 Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure
If an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through, remove the refrigerator doors. 	 talks_about 	 an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through
If an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through, remove the refrigerator doors. 	 talks_about 	 remove the refrigerator doors
remove the refrigerator doors 	 Condition 	 an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through
an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through 	 Follows 	 remove the refrigerator doors
The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the refrigerator for connections and airflow and space in front to open the Doors and Drawers. 	 talks_about 	 to open the Doors and Drawers
The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the refrigerator for connections and airflow and space in front to open the Doors and Drawers. 	 talks_about 	 The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the refrigerator for connections and airflow and space in front
Allow at least 24 inches ( 610 mm ) in front of the refrigerator to open the doors, and at least 2 inches ( 50 mm ) between the back of the refrigerator and the wall. 	 paraphrase 	 at least 24 inches 610 mm in front of the refrigerator should be allowed to open the doors
at least 24 inches 610 mm in front of the refrigerator should be allowed to open the doors 	 talks_about 	 at least 24 inches 610 mm in front of the refrigerator
at least 24 inches 610 mm in front of the refrigerator should be allowed to open the doors 	 talks_about 	 to open the doors
at least 24 inches 610 mm in front of the refrigerator 	 should_be_allowed 	 to open the doors
there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings 	 talks_about 	 to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings
there is sufficient room to move the refrigerator through doors or narrow openings 	 talks_about 	 there is sufficient room
Check the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path to ensure 	 paraphrase 	 the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path should be checked to ensure
the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path should be checked to ensure 	 talks_about 	 the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path
the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path should be checked to ensure 	 talks_about 	 to ensure
the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path 	 should_be_checked 	 to ensure
remove the refrigerator doors 	 paraphrase 	 the refrigerator doors should be removed 
at least 24 inches 610 mm in front of the refrigerator should be allowed to open the doors 	 talks_about 	 the doors
at least 24 inches 610 mm in front of the refrigerator 	 to_open 	 the doors
the doors 	 to_open_reverse 	 at least 24 inches 610 mm in front of the refrigerator
the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path should be checked to ensure 	 talks_about 	 ensure
the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path should be checked to ensure 	 talks_about 	 the dimensions of the appliance
the dimensions of the appliance and the installation path should be checked to ensure 	 talks_about 	 the dimensions of the installation path
ensure 	 should_be_checked_to_reverse 	 the dimensions of the appliance
the dimensions of the appliance 	 should_be_checked_to 	 ensure
the dimensions of the installation path 	 should_be_checked_to 	 ensure
ensure 	 should_be_checked_to_reverse 	 the dimensions of the installation path
an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through 	 talks_about 	 too narrow to fit the refrigerator
an opening is too narrow to fit the refrigerator through 	 talks_about 	 an opening
too narrow to fit the refrigerator 	 is_reverse 	 an opening
an opening 	 is 	 too narrow to fit the refrigerator
The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the refrigerator for connections and airflow and space in front 	 talks_about 	 The installation location chosen for the refrigerator
The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the refrigerator for connections and airflow and space in front 	 talks_about 	 space behind the refrigerator for space in front
The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the refrigerator for connections and airflow and space in front 	 talks_about 	 The installation location
The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the refrigerator for connections and airflow and space in front 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the refrigerator for connections and airflow and space in front 	 talks_about 	 space behind the refrigerator for connections in front
The installation location chosen for the refrigerator should allow space behind the refrigerator for connections and airflow and space in front 	 talks_about 	 space behind the refrigerator for airflow in front
The installation location chosen for the refrigerator 	 should_allow 	 space behind the refrigerator for space in front
space behind the refrigerator for space in front 	 should_allow_reverse 	 The installation location chosen for the refrigerator
The installation location 	 chosen_for 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator 	 chosen_for_reverse 	 The installation location
The installation location chosen for the refrigerator 	 should_allow 	 space behind the refrigerator for connections in front
space behind the refrigerator for airflow in front 	 should_allow_reverse 	 The installation location chosen for the refrigerator
space behind the refrigerator for connections in front 	 should_allow_reverse 	 The installation location chosen for the refrigerator
The installation location chosen for the refrigerator 	 should_allow 	 space behind the refrigerator for airflow in front
['If the entrance door is too narrow for the refrigerator to pass through, remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the doorway.'] 	 talks_about 	 If the entrance door is too narrow for the refrigerator to pass through, remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the entrance door.
If the entrance door is too narrow for the refrigerator to pass through, remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the entrance door. 	 talks_about 	 for the refrigerator to pass through
If the entrance door is too narrow for the refrigerator to pass through, remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the entrance door. 	 talks_about 	 If the entrance door is too narrow, remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the entrance door
If the entrance door is too narrow , remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the entrance door 	 talks_about 	 the entrance door is too narrow
If the entrance door is too narrow , remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the entrance door 	 talks_about 	 remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the entrance door
remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the entrance door 	 Condition 	 the entrance door is too narrow
the entrance door is too narrow 	 Follows 	 remove the refrigerator doors and move the refrigerator sideways through the entrance door
the entrance door is too narrow 	 talks_about 	 too narrow
the entrance door is too narrow 	 talks_about 	 the entrance door
too narrow 	 is_reverse 	 the entrance door
the entrance door 	 is 	 too narrow
['Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers.', 'Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing.', 'Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator.', 'Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever.', 'Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers.', 'Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off.'] 	 talks_about 	 Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers.
['Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers.', 'Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing.', 'Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator.', 'Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever.', 'Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers.', 'Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off.'] 	 talks_about 	 Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing.
['Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers.', 'Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing.', 'Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator.', 'Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever.', 'Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers.', 'Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator.
['Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers.', 'Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing.', 'Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator.', 'Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever.', 'Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers.', 'Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off.'] 	 talks_about 	 Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever.
['Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers.', 'Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing.', 'Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator.', 'Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever.', 'Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers.', 'Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off.'] 	 talks_about 	 Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers.
['Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers.', 'Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing.', 'Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator.', 'Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever.', 'Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers.', 'Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off.
Use two or more people to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers. 	 paraphrase 	 two or more people should be used to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers
two or more people should be used to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers 	 talks_about 	 two or more people
two or more people should be used to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers 	 talks_about 	 to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers
two or more people 	 should_be_used 	 to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers
Disconnect the electrical supply to the refrigerator before installing. 	 paraphrase 	 the electrical supply should be disconnected to the refrigerator before installing
the electrical supply should be disconnected to the refrigerator before installing 	 talks_about 	 the electrical supply
the electrical supply should be disconnected to the refrigerator before installing 	 talks_about 	 to the refrigerator before installing
the electrical supply 	 should_be_disconnected 	 to the refrigerator before installing
Do not put hands, feet or other objects into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 hands, feet or other objects should not be put into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator
hands, feet or other objects should not be put into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 hands, feet or other objects
hands, feet or other objects should not be put into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator
hands, feet or other objects 	 should_not_be_put 	 into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator
Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever. 	 talks_about 	 handling the hinge and hinge lever
Be careful when handling the hinge and hinge lever. 	 talks_about 	 Be careful
Be careful 	 Synchronous 	 handling the hinge and hinge lever
handling the hinge and hinge lever 	 Synchronous 	 Be careful
Remove food and bins before detaching doors and drawers. 	 paraphrase 	 food and bins should be removed before detaching doors and drawers
food and bins should be removed before detaching doors and drawers 	 talks_about 	 food and bins
food and bins should be removed before detaching doors and drawers 	 talks_about 	 before detaching doors and drawers
food and bins 	 should_be_removed 	 before detaching doors and drawers
Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off. 	 talks_about 	 removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off
Do not hold the handle when removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off. 	 talks_about 	 Do not hold the handle
Do not hold the handle 	 Synchronous 	 removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off
removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off 	 Synchronous 	 Do not hold the handle
removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off 	 talks_about 	 as the handle may come off
removing or replacing doors and drawers as the handle may come off 	 talks_about 	 removing or replacing doors and drawers
Do not hold the handle 	 paraphrase 	 the handle should not be held 
two or more people should be used to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers 	 talks_about 	 refrigerator doors and freezer drawers
two or more people should be used to remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers 	 talks_about 	 remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers
two or more people 	 to_install 	 refrigerator doors and freezer drawers
remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers 	 should_be_used_to_reverse 	 two or more people
two or more people 	 should_be_used_to 	 remove and install refrigerator doors and freezer drawers
refrigerator doors and freezer drawers 	 to_install_reverse 	 two or more people
the electrical supply should be disconnected to the refrigerator before installing 	 talks_about 	 installing
the electrical supply should be disconnected to the refrigerator before installing 	 talks_about 	 disconnected to the refrigerator
the electrical supply 	 should_be_disconnected_to_the_refrigerator_before 	 installing
the electrical supply 	 should_be 	 disconnected to the refrigerator
disconnected to the refrigerator 	 should_be_reverse 	 the electrical supply
installing 	 should_be_disconnected_to_the_refrigerator_before_reverse 	 the electrical supply
hands, feet or other objects should not be put into the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator
the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator 	 should_not_be_put_into_reverse 	 hands, feet or other objects
hands, feet or other objects 	 should_not_be_put_into 	 the air vents or bottom of the refrigerator
food and bins should be removed before detaching doors and drawers 	 talks_about 	 bins
food and bins should be removed before detaching doors and drawers 	 talks_about 	 detaching doors
food and bins should be removed before detaching doors and drawers 	 talks_about 	 food
food and bins should be removed before detaching doors and drawers 	 talks_about 	 detaching drawers
food and bins should be removed before detaching doors and drawers 	 talks_about 	 drawers
food and bins should be removed before detaching doors and drawers 	 talks_about 	 doors
bins 	 should_be_removed_before 	 detaching doors
food 	 should_be_removed_before 	 detaching drawers
detaching drawers 	 should_be_removed_before_reverse 	 bins
detaching drawers 	 should_be_removed_before_reverse 	 food
food 	 before_detaching 	 drawers
doors 	 before_detaching_reverse 	 bins
doors 	 before_detaching_reverse 	 food
bins 	 before_detaching 	 drawers
bins 	 should_be_removed_before 	 detaching drawers
drawers 	 before_detaching_reverse 	 food
food 	 before_detaching 	 doors
food 	 should_be_removed_before 	 detaching doors
detaching doors 	 should_be_removed_before_reverse 	 food
detaching doors 	 should_be_removed_before_reverse 	 bins
drawers 	 before_detaching_reverse 	 bins
bins 	 before_detaching 	 doors
['3/32 in. Allen wrench', '1/8 in. Allen wrench', '1/4 in. Allen wrench'] 	 talks_about 	 3/32 in.
['3/32 in. Allen wrench', '1/8 in. Allen wrench', '1/4 in. Allen wrench'] 	 talks_about 	 Allen wrench 1/8 in.
['3/32 in. Allen wrench', '1/8 in. Allen wrench', '1/4 in. Allen wrench'] 	 talks_about 	 Allen wrench 1/4 in.
['3/32 in. Allen wrench', '1/8 in. Allen wrench', '1/4 in. Allen wrench'] 	 talks_about 	 Allen wrench
['Remove the screws from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator. Lift the hook (not visible), located at the bottom of the front side of the cover with a flat-head screwdriver.'] 	 talks_about 	 Remove the screws from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator.
['Remove the screws from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator. Lift the hook (not visible), located at the bottom of the front side of the cover with a flat-head screwdriver.'] 	 talks_about 	 Lift the hook ( not visible ), located at the bottom of the front side of the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator with a flat-head screwdriver.
Remove the screws from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 the screws should be removed from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator
the screws should be removed from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the screws
the screws should be removed from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator
the screws 	 should_be_removed 	 from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator
the screws should be removed from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the hinge cover
the screws should be removed from the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the top of the refrigerator
the hinge cover 	 should_be_removed_from_reverse 	 the screws
the screws 	 should_be_removed_from 	 the hinge cover
the top of the refrigerator 	 should_be_removed_from_the_hinge_cover_at_reverse 	 the screws
the screws 	 should_be_removed_from_the_hinge_cover_at 	 the top of the refrigerator
Lift the hook ( not visible ), located at the bottom of the front side of the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator with a flat-head screwdriver. 	 talks_about 	 the bottom of the front side of the hinge cover
Lift the hook ( not visible ), located at the bottom of the front side of the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator with a flat-head screwdriver. 	 talks_about 	 the hook ( not visible
Lift the hook ( not visible ), located at the bottom of the front side of the hinge cover at the top of the refrigerator with a flat-head screwdriver. 	 talks_about 	 the top of the refrigerator with a flat-head screwdriver
the bottom of the front side of the hinge cover 	 located_at_reverse 	 the hook ( not visible
the hook ( not visible 	 located_at 	 the bottom of the front side of the hinge cover
the top of the refrigerator with a flat-head screwdriver 	 located_at_reverse 	 the hook ( not visible
the hook ( not visible 	 located_at 	 the top of the refrigerator with a flat-head screwdriver
['Disconnect all the wire harnesses a. Unscrew the ground wire b.', 'Rotate the hinge lever c counterclockwise. Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'] 	 talks_about 	 Disconnect all the wire harnesses a. Unscrew the ground wire b. Rotate the hinge lever c counterclockwise.
['Disconnect all the wire harnesses a. Unscrew the ground wire b.', 'Rotate the hinge lever c counterclockwise. Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'] 	 talks_about 	 Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e. When lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch, be careful that Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward.
['Disconnect all the wire harnesses a. Unscrew the ground wire b.', 'Rotate the hinge lever c counterclockwise. Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'] 	 talks_about 	 Lift Left Refrigerator Door from the middle hinge pin and remove Left Refrigerator Door.
['Disconnect all the wire harnesses a. Unscrew the ground wire b.', 'Rotate the hinge lever c counterclockwise. Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'] 	 talks_about 	 Place Left Refrigerator Door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.
Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e. When lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch, be careful that Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward. 	 talks_about 	 lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch
Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e. When lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch, be careful that Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward. 	 talks_about 	 Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e., be careful that Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward
Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e. , be careful that Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward 	 Synchronous 	 lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch
lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch 	 Synchronous 	 Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e. , be careful that Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward
Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e. , be careful that Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward 	 talks_about 	 Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward
Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e. , be careful that Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward 	 talks_about 	 Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e., be careful
Lift the top hinge d free of the hinge lever latch e. , be careful 	 that 	 Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward
Lift Left Refrigerator Door from the middle hinge pin and remove Left Refrigerator Door. 	 talks_about 	 pin and remove Left Refrigerator Door
Lift Left Refrigerator Door from the middle hinge pin and remove Left Refrigerator Door. 	 talks_about 	 Lift Left Refrigerator Door from the middle
pin and remove Left Refrigerator Door 	 hinge_reverse 	 Lift Left Refrigerator Door from the middle
Lift Left Refrigerator Door from the middle 	 hinge 	 pin and remove Left Refrigerator Door
lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch 	 talks_about 	 free of the hinge lever
lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch 	 talks_about 	 lifting the top
free of the hinge lever 	 hinge_reverse 	 lifting the top
lifting the top 	 hinge 	 free of the hinge lever
Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward 	 talks_about 	 Left Refrigerator Door
Left Refrigerator Door does not fall forward 	 talks_about 	 forward
Left Refrigerator Door 	 does_not_fall 	 forward
forward 	 does_not_fall_reverse 	 Left Refrigerator Door
['Detach all the wire harnesses a.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.', 'Rotate the hinge lever b clockwise. Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'] 	 talks_about 	 Detach all the wire harnesses a.
['Detach all the wire harnesses a.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.', 'Rotate the hinge lever b clockwise. Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'] 	 talks_about 	 The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.
['Detach all the wire harnesses a.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.', 'Rotate the hinge lever b clockwise. Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'] 	 talks_about 	 Rotate the hinge lever b clockwise.
['Detach all the wire harnesses a.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.', 'Rotate the hinge lever b clockwise. Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'] 	 talks_about 	 Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d. When lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch, be careful that Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward.
['Detach all the wire harnesses a.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.', 'Rotate the hinge lever b clockwise. Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'] 	 talks_about 	 Lift Right Refrigerator Door from the middle hinge pin and remove Right Refrigerator Door.
['Detach all the wire harnesses a.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.', 'Rotate the hinge lever b clockwise. Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d.', 'When lifting the hinge free of the latch, be careful that the door does not fall forward.', 'Lift the door from the middle hinge pin and remove the door.', 'Place the door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.'] 	 talks_about 	 Place Right Refrigerator Door, inside facing up, on a nonscratching surface.
Detach all the wire harnesses a. 	 paraphrase 	 all the wire harnesses a. should be detached 
Rotate the hinge lever b clockwise. 	 paraphrase 	 the hinge lever should be rotated b clockwise
the hinge lever should be rotated b clockwise 	 talks_about 	 the hinge lever
the hinge lever should be rotated b clockwise 	 talks_about 	 b clockwise
the hinge lever 	 should_be_rotated 	 b clockwise
Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d. When lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch, be careful that Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward. 	 talks_about 	 lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch
Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d. When lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch, be careful that Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward. 	 talks_about 	 Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d., be careful that Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward
Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d. , be careful that Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward 	 Synchronous 	 lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch
lifting the top hinge free of the hinge lever latch 	 Synchronous 	 Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d. , be careful that Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward
Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d. , be careful that Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward 	 talks_about 	 Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward
Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d. , be careful that Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward 	 talks_about 	 Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d., be careful
Lift the top hinge c free of the hinge lever latch d. , be careful 	 that 	 Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward
The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model. 	 talks_about 	 The number of wire harnesses
The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model. 	 talks_about 	 depending on the model
The number of wire harnesses 	 may_vary 	 depending on the model
depending on the model 	 may_vary_reverse 	 The number of wire harnesses
the hinge lever should be rotated b clockwise 	 talks_about 	 b
b 	 should_be_rotated_clockwise_reverse 	 the hinge lever
the hinge lever 	 should_be_rotated_clockwise 	 b
Lift Right Refrigerator Door from the middle hinge pin and remove Right Refrigerator Door. 	 talks_about 	 Right Refrigerator Door
Lift Right Refrigerator Door from the middle hinge pin and remove Right Refrigerator Door. 	 talks_about 	 Lift Right Refrigerator Door from the middle
Lift Right Refrigerator Door from the middle hinge pin and remove Right Refrigerator Door. 	 talks_about 	 pin and remove Right Refrigerator Door
Right Refrigerator Door 	 remove_reverse 	 Lift Right Refrigerator Door from the middle
Lift Right Refrigerator Door from the middle 	 remove 	 Right Refrigerator Door
pin and remove Right Refrigerator Door 	 hinge_reverse 	 Lift Right Refrigerator Door from the middle
Lift Right Refrigerator Door from the middle 	 hinge 	 pin and remove Right Refrigerator Door
Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward 	 talks_about 	 forward
Right Refrigerator Door does not fall forward 	 talks_about 	 Refrigerator Door
forward 	 does_not_fall_reverse 	 Refrigerator Door
Refrigerator Door 	 does_not_fall 	 forward
['Use two or more people to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer.', 'Be careful of sharp hinges on both sides of the drawer.', 'When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor.', 'Do not sit or stand on the freezer drawer.', 'To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer. Do not leave the drawer open. If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the freezer drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside.'] 	 talks_about 	 Use two or more people to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer.
['Use two or more people to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer.', 'Be careful of sharp hinges on both sides of the drawer.', 'When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor.', 'Do not sit or stand on the freezer drawer.', 'To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer. Do not leave the drawer open. If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the freezer drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside.'] 	 talks_about 	 Be careful of sharp hinges on both sides of the drawer.
['Use two or more people to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer.', 'Be careful of sharp hinges on both sides of the drawer.', 'When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor.', 'Do not sit or stand on the freezer drawer.', 'To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer. Do not leave the drawer open. If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the freezer drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside.'] 	 talks_about 	 When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor.
['Use two or more people to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer.', 'Be careful of sharp hinges on both sides of the drawer.', 'When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor.', 'Do not sit or stand on the freezer drawer.', 'To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer. Do not leave the drawer open. If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the freezer drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not sit or stand on the drawer.
['Use two or more people to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer.', 'Be careful of sharp hinges on both sides of the drawer.', 'When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor.', 'Do not sit or stand on the freezer drawer.', 'To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer. Do not leave the drawer open. If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the freezer drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside.'] 	 talks_about 	 To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer.
To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer. 	 talks_about 	 accidents
To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer. 	 talks_about 	 keep children and pets away from the drawer
accidents 	 should_be_prevented_by 	 keep children and pets away from the drawer
['Use two or more people to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer.', 'Be careful of sharp hinges on both sides of the drawer.', 'When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor.', 'Do not sit or stand on the freezer drawer.', 'To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer. Do not leave the drawer open. If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the freezer drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not leave the drawer open.
['Use two or more people to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer.', 'Be careful of sharp hinges on both sides of the drawer.', 'When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor.', 'Do not sit or stand on the freezer drawer.', 'To prevent accidents, keep children and pets away from the drawer. Do not leave the drawer open. If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the freezer drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside.'] 	 talks_about 	 If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside.
Use two or more people to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer. 	 paraphrase 	 two or more people should be used to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer
two or more people should be used to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer 	 talks_about 	 two or more people
two or more people should be used to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer 	 talks_about 	 to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer
two or more people 	 should_be_used 	 to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer
When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor. 	 talks_about 	 you lay the drawer down
When you lay the drawer down, be careful not to damage the floor. 	 talks_about 	 be careful not to damage the floor
be careful not to damage the floor 	 Synchronous 	 you lay the drawer down
you lay the drawer down 	 Synchronous 	 be careful not to damage the floor
Do not leave the drawer open. 	 paraphrase 	 the drawer should not be leaved open
the drawer should not be leaved open 	 talks_about 	 the drawer
If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside. 	 talks_about 	 the Durabase storage bin is removed from the drawer
If the Durabase storage bin is removed from the drawer, there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside. 	 talks_about 	 there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside
there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside 	 Condition 	 the Durabase storage bin is removed from the drawer
the Durabase storage bin is removed from the drawer 	 Follows 	 there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside
there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside 	 talks_about 	 for a small child or pet to crawl inside
there is sufficient space for a small child or pet to crawl inside 	 talks_about 	 there is sufficient space
two or more people should be used to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer 	 talks_about 	 remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer
two or more people should be used to remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer
remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer 	 should_be_used_to_reverse 	 two or more people
two or more people 	 should_be_used_to 	 remove and install the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer
the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer 	 to_install_reverse 	 two or more people
two or more people 	 to_install 	 the refrigerator doors and freezer drawer
you lay the drawer down 	 talks_about 	 the drawer
the Durabase storage bin is removed from the drawer 	 talks_about 	 the drawer
the Durabase storage bin is removed from the drawer 	 talks_about 	 the Durabase storage bin
the drawer 	 is_removed_from_reverse 	 the Durabase storage bin
the Durabase storage bin 	 is_removed_from 	 the drawer
['Pull the drawer open to full extension. Remove the Durabase basket from the rails.', 'Remove the screws from the rails at both ends.', 'Grip both sides of the drawer and pull it up to remove it from the rails.', 'Hold both rails and push them in simultaneously.'] 	 talks_about 	 Pull the drawer open to full extension.
['Pull the drawer open to full extension. Remove the Durabase basket from the rails.', 'Remove the screws from the rails at both ends.', 'Grip both sides of the drawer and pull it up to remove it from the rails.', 'Hold both rails and push them in simultaneously.'] 	 talks_about 	 Remove the Durabase basket from the rails.
['Pull the drawer open to full extension. Remove the Durabase basket from the rails.', 'Remove the screws from the rails at both ends.', 'Grip both sides of the drawer and pull it up to remove it from the rails.', 'Hold both rails and push them in simultaneously.'] 	 talks_about 	 Remove the screws from the rails at both ends.
['Pull the drawer open to full extension. Remove the Durabase basket from the rails.', 'Remove the screws from the rails at both ends.', 'Grip both sides of the drawer and pull it up to remove it from the rails.', 'Hold both rails and push them in simultaneously.'] 	 talks_about 	 Grip both sides of the drawer and pull the drawer up to remove the drawer from the rails.
['Pull the drawer open to full extension. Remove the Durabase basket from the rails.', 'Remove the screws from the rails at both ends.', 'Grip both sides of the drawer and pull it up to remove it from the rails.', 'Hold both rails and push them in simultaneously.'] 	 talks_about 	 Hold both rails and push both rails in simultaneously.
Pull the drawer open to full extension. 	 paraphrase 	 the drawer should be pulled open to full extension
the drawer should be pulled open to full extension 	 talks_about 	 the drawer
the drawer should be pulled open to full extension 	 talks_about 	 open to full extension
the drawer 	 should_be_pulled 	 open to full extension
Remove the Durabase basket from the rails. 	 paraphrase 	 the Durabase basket should be removed from the rails
the Durabase basket should be removed from the rails 	 talks_about 	 the Durabase basket
the Durabase basket should be removed from the rails 	 talks_about 	 from the rails
the Durabase basket 	 should_be_removed 	 from the rails
Remove the screws from the rails at both ends. 	 paraphrase 	 the screws should be removed from the rails at both ends
the screws should be removed from the rails at both ends 	 talks_about 	 the screws
the screws should be removed from the rails at both ends 	 talks_about 	 from the rails at both ends
the screws 	 should_be_removed 	 from the rails at both ends
open to full extension 	 should_be_pulled_reverse 	 the drawer
the Durabase basket should be removed from the rails 	 talks_about 	 the rails
the rails 	 should_be_removed_from_reverse 	 the Durabase basket
the Durabase basket 	 should_be_removed_from 	 the rails
the screws should be removed from the rails at both ends 	 talks_about 	 the rails at both ends
the rails at both ends 	 should_be_removed_from_reverse 	 the screws
the screws 	 should_be_removed_from 	 the rails at both ends
['Pull out both rails simultaneously until they are fully extended.', 'Grasp the drawer on each side and hook the drawer supports into the rail tabs located on both sides.', 'Lower the door into its final position and insert the screws in the rails on both sides.', 'Insert the basket into the frame, and push the drawer back until it clicks into place.'] 	 talks_about 	 Pull out both rails simultaneously until both rails are fully extended.
['Pull out both rails simultaneously until they are fully extended.', 'Grasp the drawer on each side and hook the drawer supports into the rail tabs located on both sides.', 'Lower the door into its final position and insert the screws in the rails on both sides.', 'Insert the basket into the frame, and push the drawer back until it clicks into place.'] 	 talks_about 	 Grasp Freezer Drawer on each side and hook the drawer supports into the rail tabs located on both sides.
['Pull out both rails simultaneously until they are fully extended.', 'Grasp the drawer on each side and hook the drawer supports into the rail tabs located on both sides.', 'Lower the door into its final position and insert the screws in the rails on both sides.', 'Insert the basket into the frame, and push the drawer back until it clicks into place.'] 	 talks_about 	 Lower the door into the door final position and insert the screws in both rails.
['Pull out both rails simultaneously until they are fully extended.', 'Grasp the drawer on each side and hook the drawer supports into the rail tabs located on both sides.', 'Lower the door into its final position and insert the screws in the rails on both sides.', 'Insert the basket into the frame, and push the drawer back until it clicks into place.'] 	 talks_about 	 Insert the basket into the frame, and push Freezer Drawer back until Freezer Drawer clicks into place.
Pull out both rails simultaneously until both rails are fully extended. 	 talks_about 	 both rails are fully extended
Pull out both rails simultaneously until both rails are fully extended. 	 talks_about 	 Pull out both rails simultaneously
Pull out both rails simultaneously 	 succeded_by 	 both rails are fully extended
both rails are fully extended 	 preceded_by 	 Pull out both rails simultaneously
Insert the basket into the frame, and push Freezer Drawer back until Freezer Drawer clicks into place. 	 talks_about 	 Freezer Drawer clicks into place
Insert the basket into the frame, and push Freezer Drawer back until Freezer Drawer clicks into place. 	 talks_about 	 Insert the basket into the frame, and push Freezer Drawer back
Insert the basket into the frame , and push Freezer Drawer back 	 succeded_by 	 Freezer Drawer clicks into place
Freezer Drawer clicks into place 	 preceded_by 	 Insert the basket into the frame , and push Freezer Drawer back
Grasp Freezer Drawer on each side and hook the drawer supports into the rail tabs located on both sides. 	 talks_about 	 both sides
Grasp Freezer Drawer on each side and hook the drawer supports into the rail tabs located on both sides. 	 talks_about 	 the rail tabs
both sides 	 located_on_reverse 	 the rail tabs
the rail tabs 	 located_on 	 both sides
Freezer Drawer clicks into place 	 talks_about 	 Freezer Drawer
Freezer Drawer clicks into place 	 talks_about 	 place
Freezer Drawer 	 clicks_into 	 place
place 	 clicks_into_reverse 	 Freezer Drawer
['Install the right-side door first.'] 	 talks_about 	 Install the right-side door first.
Install the right-side door first. 	 paraphrase 	 the right-side door should be installed first
the right-side door should be installed first 	 talks_about 	 the right-side door
['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Lower the door onto the middle hinge pin as shown in the figure.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c counterclockwise to secure the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses d.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.'] 	 talks_about 	 Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Right Refrigerator Door.
['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Lower the door onto the middle hinge pin as shown in the figure.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c counterclockwise to secure the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses d.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.'] 	 talks_about 	 Lower Right Refrigerator Door onto the middle hinge pin as shown in the figure.
['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Lower the door onto the middle hinge pin as shown in the figure.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c counterclockwise to secure the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses d.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.'] 	 talks_about 	 Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot the hinge lever latch b into place.
['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Lower the door onto the middle hinge pin as shown in the figure.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c counterclockwise to secure the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses d.', 'The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.'] 	 talks_about 	 Rotate the lever c counterclockwise to secure the hinge lever latch b. Connect all the wire harnesses d. The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model.
Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Right Refrigerator Door. 	 talks_about 	 the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Right Refrigerator Door
Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Right Refrigerator Door. 	 talks_about 	 Make sure
Make sure 	 that 	 the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Right Refrigerator Door
Lower Right Refrigerator Door onto the middle hinge pin as shown in the figure. 	 talks_about 	 as shown in the figure
Lower Right Refrigerator Door onto the middle hinge pin as shown in the figure. 	 talks_about 	 Lower Right Refrigerator Door onto the middle hinge pin
Rotate the lever c counterclockwise to secure the hinge lever latch b. Connect all the wire harnesses d. The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model. 	 paraphrase 	 the lever should be secured c counterclockwise to the hinge lever latch b. Connect all the wire harnesses d. The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model
the lever should be secured c counterclockwise to the hinge lever latch b. Connect all the wire harnesses d. The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model 	 talks_about 	 the lever
the lever should be secured c counterclockwise to the hinge lever latch b. Connect all the wire harnesses d. The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model 	 talks_about 	 c counterclockwise to the hinge lever latch b. Connect all the wire harnesses d. The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model
the lever 	 should_be_secured 	 c counterclockwise to the hinge lever latch b. Connect all the wire harnesses d. The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model
Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot the hinge lever latch b into place. 	 talks_about 	 the hinge lever
Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot the hinge lever latch b into place. 	 talks_about 	 place
the hinge lever 	 latch_b_into 	 place
place 	 latch_b_into_reverse 	 the hinge lever
the lever should be secured c counterclockwise to the hinge lever latch b. Connect all the wire harnesses d. The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model 	 talks_about 	 The number of wire harnesses
the lever should be secured c counterclockwise to the hinge lever latch b. Connect all the wire harnesses d. The number of wire harnesses may vary depending on the model 	 talks_about 	 depending on the model
the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Right Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 the plastic sleeve
the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Right Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 the bottom of Right Refrigerator Door
the plastic sleeve 	 is_inserted_in 	 the bottom of Right Refrigerator Door
the bottom of Right Refrigerator Door 	 is_inserted_in_reverse 	 the plastic sleeve
['Install the left refrigerator door after the right door is installed.'] 	 talks_about 	 Install Left Refrigerator Door after the right door is installed.
Install Left Refrigerator Door after the right door is installed. 	 talks_about 	 the right door is installed
Install Left Refrigerator Door after the right door is installed. 	 talks_about 	 Install Left Refrigerator Door
Install Left Refrigerator Door 	 preceded_by 	 the right door is installed
the right door is installed 	 succeded_by 	 Install Left Refrigerator Door
Install Left Refrigerator Door 	 paraphrase 	 Left Refrigerator Door should be installed 
['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Install the refrigerator door onto the middle hinge.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c clockwise and fasten the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses and the ground screw.'] 	 talks_about 	 Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Left Refrigerator Door.
['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Install the refrigerator door onto the middle hinge.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c clockwise and fasten the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses and the ground screw.'] 	 talks_about 	 Install Left Refrigerator Door onto the middle hinge.
['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Install the refrigerator door onto the middle hinge.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c clockwise and fasten the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses and the ground screw.'] 	 talks_about 	 Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot the middle hinge into place.
['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Install the refrigerator door onto the middle hinge.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c clockwise and fasten the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses and the ground screw.'] 	 talks_about 	 Rotate the lever c clockwise and fasten the middle hinge.
['Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of the door. Install the refrigerator door onto the middle hinge.', 'Fit the hinge a over the hinge lever latch b and slot it into place. Rotate the lever c clockwise and fasten the hinge.', 'Connect all the wire harnesses and the ground screw.'] 	 talks_about 	 Connect all the wire harnesses and the ground screw.
Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Left Refrigerator Door. 	 talks_about 	 the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Left Refrigerator Door
Make sure that the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Left Refrigerator Door. 	 talks_about 	 Make sure
Make sure 	 that 	 the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Left Refrigerator Door
Install Left Refrigerator Door onto the middle hinge. 	 paraphrase 	 Left Refrigerator Door should be installed onto the middle hinge
Left Refrigerator Door should be installed onto the middle hinge 	 talks_about 	 Left Refrigerator Door
Left Refrigerator Door should be installed onto the middle hinge 	 talks_about 	 onto the middle hinge
Left Refrigerator Door 	 should_be_installed 	 onto the middle hinge
Connect all the wire harnesses and the ground screw. 	 paraphrase 	 all the wire harnesses and the ground screw should be connected 
Left Refrigerator Door should be installed onto the middle hinge 	 talks_about 	 the middle hinge
Left Refrigerator Door 	 should_be_installed_onto 	 the middle hinge
the middle hinge 	 should_be_installed_onto_reverse 	 Left Refrigerator Door
the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Left Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 the plastic sleeve
the plastic sleeve is inserted in the bottom of Left Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 the bottom of Left Refrigerator Door
the plastic sleeve 	 is_inserted_in 	 the bottom of Left Refrigerator Door
the bottom of Left Refrigerator Door 	 is_inserted_in_reverse 	 the plastic sleeve
['Position the hinge cover in its place. Insert and tighten the cover screws.'] 	 talks_about 	 Position the hinge cover in the hinge cover place.
['Position the hinge cover in its place. Insert and tighten the cover screws.'] 	 talks_about 	 Insert and tighten the cover screws.
Position the hinge cover in the hinge cover place. 	 paraphrase 	 the hinge cover should be positioned in the hinge cover place
the hinge cover should be positioned in the hinge cover place 	 talks_about 	 the hinge cover
the hinge cover should be positioned in the hinge cover place 	 talks_about 	 in the hinge cover place
the hinge cover 	 should_be_positioned 	 in the hinge cover place
the hinge cover should be positioned in the hinge cover place 	 talks_about 	 the hinge cover place
the hinge cover place 	 should_be_positioned_in_reverse 	 the hinge cover
the hinge cover 	 should_be_positioned_in 	 the hinge cover place
['The refrigerator has two front leveling legs. Adjust the legs to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side. If the refrigerator seems unsteady, or the doors do not close easily, adjust the refrigerator\x92s tilt using the instructions below'] 	 talks_about 	 The refrigerator has two front leveling legs.
['The refrigerator has two front leveling legs. Adjust the legs to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side. If the refrigerator seems unsteady, or the doors do not close easily, adjust the refrigerator\x92s tilt using the instructions below'] 	 talks_about 	 Adjust two front leveling legs to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side.
['The refrigerator has two front leveling legs. Adjust the legs to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side. If the refrigerator seems unsteady, or the doors do not close easily, adjust the refrigerator\x92s tilt using the instructions below'] 	 talks_about 	 If The refrigerator seems unsteady, or the doors do not close easily, adjust the refrigerators tilt using the instructions below
Adjust two front leveling legs to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side. 	 paraphrase 	 two front leveling legs should be adjusted to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side
two front leveling legs should be adjusted to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side 	 talks_about 	 two front leveling legs
two front leveling legs should be adjusted to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side 	 talks_about 	 to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side
two front leveling legs 	 should_be_adjusted 	 to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side
If The refrigerator seems unsteady, or the doors do not close easily, adjust the refrigerators tilt using the instructions below 	 talks_about 	 The refrigerator seems unsteady, or the doors do not close easily
If The refrigerator seems unsteady, or the doors do not close easily, adjust the refrigerators tilt using the instructions below 	 talks_about 	 adjust the refrigerators tilt using the instructions below
adjust the refrigerators tilt using the instructions below 	 Condition 	 The refrigerator seems unsteady , or the doors do not close easily
The refrigerator seems unsteady , or the doors do not close easily 	 Follows 	 adjust the refrigerators tilt using the instructions below
The refrigerator seems unsteady , or the doors do not close easily 	 talks_about 	 the doors do not close easily
The refrigerator seems unsteady , or the doors do not close easily 	 talks_about 	 The refrigerator seems unsteady
The refrigerator seems unsteady 	 Alternative 	 the doors do not close easily
the doors do not close easily 	 Alternative 	 The refrigerator seems unsteady
adjust the refrigerators tilt using the instructions below 	 paraphrase 	 the refrigerators tilt should be adjusted using the instructions below
the refrigerators tilt should be adjusted using the instructions below 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerators tilt
the refrigerators tilt should be adjusted using the instructions below 	 talks_about 	 using the instructions below
the refrigerators tilt 	 should_be_adjusted 	 using the instructions below
The refrigerator has two front leveling legs. 	 talks_about 	 The refrigerator
The refrigerator has two front leveling legs. 	 talks_about 	 two front leveling legs
The refrigerator 	 has 	 two front leveling legs
two front leveling legs 	 has_reverse 	 The refrigerator
two front leveling legs should be adjusted to alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side 	 talks_about 	 alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side
two front leveling legs 	 should_be_adjusted_to 	 alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side
alter the tilt from front-to-back or side-to side 	 should_be_adjusted_to_reverse 	 two front leveling legs
['Turn the leveling leg to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower it. It may take several turns of the leveling leg to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator.', 'A flare nut wrench works best, but an open-end wrench will suffice. Do not over-tighten.', 'Open both doors and check to make sure that they close easily. If the doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left. It may take several more turns, and be sure to turn both leveling legs the same amount.'] 	 talks_about 	 Turn the leveling leg to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower the refrigerator.
['Turn the leveling leg to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower it. It may take several turns of the leveling leg to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator.', 'A flare nut wrench works best, but an open-end wrench will suffice. Do not over-tighten.', 'Open both doors and check to make sure that they close easily. If the doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left. It may take several more turns, and be sure to turn both leveling legs the same amount.'] 	 talks_about 	 to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator may take several turns of the leveling leg.
['Turn the leveling leg to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower it. It may take several turns of the leveling leg to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator.', 'A flare nut wrench works best, but an open-end wrench will suffice. Do not over-tighten.', 'Open both doors and check to make sure that they close easily. If the doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left. It may take several more turns, and be sure to turn both leveling legs the same amount.'] 	 talks_about 	 A flare nut wrench works best, but an open-end wrench will suffice.
['Turn the leveling leg to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower it. It may take several turns of the leveling leg to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator.', 'A flare nut wrench works best, but an open-end wrench will suffice. Do not over-tighten.', 'Open both doors and check to make sure that they close easily. If the doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left. It may take several more turns, and be sure to turn both leveling legs the same amount.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not over-tighten.
['Turn the leveling leg to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower it. It may take several turns of the leveling leg to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator.', 'A flare nut wrench works best, but an open-end wrench will suffice. Do not over-tighten.', 'Open both doors and check to make sure that they close easily. If the doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left. It may take several more turns, and be sure to turn both leveling legs the same amount.'] 	 talks_about 	 Open both doors and check to make sure that both doors close easily.
['Turn the leveling leg to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower it. It may take several turns of the leveling leg to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator.', 'A flare nut wrench works best, but an open-end wrench will suffice. Do not over-tighten.', 'Open both doors and check to make sure that they close easily. If the doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left. It may take several more turns, and be sure to turn both leveling legs the same amount.'] 	 talks_about 	 If both doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left.
['Turn the leveling leg to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower it. It may take several turns of the leveling leg to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator.', 'A flare nut wrench works best, but an open-end wrench will suffice. Do not over-tighten.', 'Open both doors and check to make sure that they close easily. If the doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left. It may take several more turns, and be sure to turn both leveling legs the same amount.'] 	 talks_about 	 to turn both leveling legs the same amount may take several more turns, and be sure.
Turn the leveling leg to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower the refrigerator. 	 paraphrase 	 the leveling leg should be turned to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower the refrigerator
the leveling leg should be turned to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the leveling leg
the leveling leg should be turned to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower the refrigerator
the leveling leg 	 should_be_turned 	 to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower the refrigerator
A flare nut wrench works best, but an open-end wrench will suffice. 	 talks_about 	 an open-end wrench will suffice
A flare nut wrench works best, but an open-end wrench will suffice. 	 talks_about 	 A flare nut wrench works best
A flare nut wrench works best 	 Contrast 	 an open-end wrench will suffice
Open both doors and check to make sure that both doors close easily. 	 talks_about 	 both doors close easily
Open both doors and check to make sure that both doors close easily. 	 talks_about 	 Open both doors and check to make sure
Open both doors and check to make sure 	 that 	 both doors close easily
If both doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left. 	 talks_about 	 both doors do not close easily
If both doors do not close easily, tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left. 	 talks_about 	 tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left
tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left 	 Condition 	 both doors do not close easily
both doors do not close easily 	 Follows 	 tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left
tilt the refrigerator slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left 	 paraphrase 	 the refrigerator should be tilted slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left
the refrigerator should be tilted slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left 	 talks_about 	 the refrigerator
the refrigerator should be tilted slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left 	 talks_about 	 slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left
the refrigerator 	 should_be_tilted 	 slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left
the leveling leg should be turned to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 raise that side of the refrigerator
the leveling leg should be turned to the left to raise that side of the refrigerator or to the right to lower the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the left
raise that side of the refrigerator 	 should_be_turned_to_reverse 	 the leveling leg
the leveling leg 	 should_be_turned_to 	 raise that side of the refrigerator
the leveling leg 	 should_be_turned_to 	 the left
the left 	 should_be_turned_to_reverse 	 the leveling leg
to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator may take several turns of the leveling leg. 	 talks_about 	 to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator
to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator may take several turns of the leveling leg. 	 talks_about 	 several turns of the leveling leg
to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator 	 may_take 	 several turns of the leveling leg
several turns of the leveling leg 	 may_take_reverse 	 to adjust the tilt of the refrigerator
to turn both leveling legs the same amount may take several more turns, and be sure. 	 talks_about 	 several more turns
to turn both leveling legs the same amount may take several more turns, and be sure. 	 talks_about 	 the same amount
to turn both leveling legs the same amount may take several more turns, and be sure. 	 talks_about 	 sure
several more turns 	 may_take_reverse 	 the same amount
the same amount 	 may_take 	 several more turns
sure 	 be_reverse 	 the same amount
the same amount 	 be 	 sure
the refrigerator should be tilted slightly more to the rear by turning both leveling legs to the left 	 talks_about 	 the rear
the refrigerator 	 should_be_tilted_slightly_more_to 	 the rear
the rear 	 should_be_tilted_slightly_more_to_reverse 	 the refrigerator
['The left refrigerator door has an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise and lower the door for proper alignment.', 'If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align the left door', "Use the wrench (included with the owner's manual) to turn the nut in the door hinge to adjust the height. Turn the nut to the right to raise the door or to the left to lower it."] 	 talks_about 	 Left Refrigerator Door has an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise and lower Left Refrigerator Door for proper alignment.
['The left refrigerator door has an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise and lower the door for proper alignment.', 'If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align the left door', "Use the wrench (included with the owner's manual) to turn the nut in the door hinge to adjust the height. Turn the nut to the right to raise the door or to the left to lower it."] 	 talks_about 	 If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench ( included with the owner's manual ) to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height.
['The left refrigerator door has an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise and lower the door for proper alignment.', 'If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align the left door', "Use the wrench (included with the owner's manual) to turn the nut in the door hinge to adjust the height. Turn the nut to the right to raise the door or to the left to lower it."] 	 talks_about 	 Turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door.
If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench ( included with the owner's manual ) to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height. 	 talks_about 	 the space between the doors is uneven
If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench ( included with the owner's manual ) to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height. 	 talks_about 	 follow the instructions below to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner's manual to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height
follow the instructions below to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner 's manual to turn an adjustable nut , located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height 	 Condition 	 the space between the doors is uneven
the space between the doors is uneven 	 Follows 	 follow the instructions below to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner 's manual to turn an adjustable nut , located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height
Turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door. 	 paraphrase 	 an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right should be turned to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right should be turned to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right should be turned to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right 	 should_be_turned 	 to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door
follow the instructions below to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner 's manual to turn an adjustable nut , located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height 	 paraphrase 	 the instructions below should be followed to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner's manual to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height
the instructions below should be followed to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner's manual to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height 	 talks_about 	 the instructions below
the instructions below should be followed to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner's manual to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height 	 talks_about 	 to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner's manual to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height
the instructions below 	 should_be_followed 	 to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner's manual to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height
Left Refrigerator Door has an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise and lower Left Refrigerator Door for proper alignment. 	 talks_about 	 Left Refrigerator Door
Left Refrigerator Door has an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise and lower Left Refrigerator Door for proper alignment. 	 talks_about 	 an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to lower Left Refrigerator Door for proper alignment
Left Refrigerator Door has an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise and lower Left Refrigerator Door for proper alignment. 	 talks_about 	 an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise for proper alignment
Left Refrigerator Door 	 has 	 an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to lower Left Refrigerator Door for proper alignment
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to lower Left Refrigerator Door for proper alignment 	 has_reverse 	 Left Refrigerator Door
Left Refrigerator Door 	 has 	 an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise for proper alignment
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge, to raise for proper alignment 	 has_reverse 	 Left Refrigerator Door
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right should be turned to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 the right
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right should be turned to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right should be turned to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 an adjustable nut, located on the bottom
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right should be turned to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 the right should be turned
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right should be turned to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 the bottom
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to the right should be turned to raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left to lower Left Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 an adjustable nut
the right 	 should_be_turned_to 	 raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left
an adjustable nut, located on the bottom 	 hinge_to 	 the right should be turned
the bottom 	 located_on_reverse 	 an adjustable nut
raise Left Refrigerator Door or to the left 	 should_be_turned_to_reverse 	 the right
an adjustable nut 	 located_on 	 the bottom
the right should be turned 	 hinge_to_reverse 	 an adjustable nut, located on the bottom
the space between the doors is uneven 	 talks_about 	 uneven
the space between the doors is uneven 	 talks_about 	 the space between the doors
uneven 	 is_reverse 	 the space between the doors
the space between the doors 	 is 	 uneven
the instructions below should be followed to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner's manual to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height 	 talks_about 	 an adjustable nut
the instructions below should be followed to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner's manual to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height 	 talks_about 	 the bottom
the instructions below should be followed to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner's manual to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height 	 talks_about 	 the wrench
the instructions below should be followed to align Left Refrigerator Door Use the wrench included with the owner's manual to turn an adjustable nut, located on the bottom hinge to adjust the height 	 talks_about 	 the owner's manual
the wrench 	 included_with 	 the owner's manual
the owner's manual 	 included_with_reverse 	 the wrench
['The right refrigerator door does not have an adjustable nut.', 'If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align the right door'] 	 talks_about 	 Right Refrigerator Door does not have an adjustable nut.
['The right refrigerator door does not have an adjustable nut.', 'If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align the right door'] 	 talks_about 	 If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align Right Refrigerator Door
If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align Right Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 the space between the doors is uneven
If the space between the doors is uneven, follow the instructions below to align Right Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 follow the instructions below to align Right Refrigerator Door
follow the instructions below to align Right Refrigerator Door 	 Condition 	 the space between the doors is uneven
the space between the doors is uneven 	 Follows 	 follow the instructions below to align Right Refrigerator Door
follow the instructions below to align Right Refrigerator Door 	 paraphrase 	 the instructions below should be followed to align Right Refrigerator Door
the instructions below should be followed to align Right Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 the instructions below
the instructions below should be followed to align Right Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 to align Right Refrigerator Door
the instructions below 	 should_be_followed 	 to align Right Refrigerator Door
Right Refrigerator Door does not have an adjustable nut. 	 talks_about 	 an adjustable nut
Right Refrigerator Door does not have an adjustable nut. 	 talks_about 	 Refrigerator Door
an adjustable nut 	 does_not_have_reverse 	 Refrigerator Door
Refrigerator Door 	 does_not_have 	 an adjustable nut
the instructions below should be followed to align Right Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 align Right Refrigerator Door
the instructions below should be followed to align Right Refrigerator Door 	 talks_about 	 Right Refrigerator Door
the instructions below 	 should_be_followed_to 	 align Right Refrigerator Door
the instructions below 	 to_align 	 Right Refrigerator Door
align Right Refrigerator Door 	 should_be_followed_to_reverse 	 the instructions below
Right Refrigerator Door 	 to_align_reverse 	 the instructions below
['With one hand, lift up the right door to raise it at the middle hinge. (It may be easier to lift it with the doors open.)', 'With the other hand, use pliers to insert the snap ring on the middle hinge of the right door section as shown.', 'Insert additional snap rings until the right door is aligned. (Three snap rings are provided with the unit.)'] 	 talks_about 	 With one hand, lift up Right Refrigerator Door to raise Right Refrigerator Door at the middle hinge.
['With one hand, lift up the right door to raise it at the middle hinge. (It may be easier to lift it with the doors open.)', 'With the other hand, use pliers to insert the snap ring on the middle hinge of the right door section as shown.', 'Insert additional snap rings until the right door is aligned. (Three snap rings are provided with the unit.)'] 	 talks_about 	 ( It may be easier to lift Right Refrigerator Door with the doors open. )
['With one hand, lift up the right door to raise it at the middle hinge. (It may be easier to lift it with the doors open.)', 'With the other hand, use pliers to insert the snap ring on the middle hinge of the right door section as shown.', 'Insert additional snap rings until the right door is aligned. (Three snap rings are provided with the unit.)'] 	 talks_about 	 With the other hand, use pliers to insert the snap ring on the middle hinge of This section as shown.
['With one hand, lift up the right door to raise it at the middle hinge. (It may be easier to lift it with the doors open.)', 'With the other hand, use pliers to insert the snap ring on the middle hinge of the right door section as shown.', 'Insert additional snap rings until the right door is aligned. (Three snap rings are provided with the unit.)'] 	 talks_about 	 Insert additional snap rings until Right Refrigerator Door is aligned.
['With one hand, lift up the right door to raise it at the middle hinge. (It may be easier to lift it with the doors open.)', 'With the other hand, use pliers to insert the snap ring on the middle hinge of the right door section as shown.', 'Insert additional snap rings until the right door is aligned. (Three snap rings are provided with the unit.)'] 	 talks_about 	 ( Three snap rings are provided with the unit. )
( It may be easier to lift Right Refrigerator Door with the doors open. ) 	 talks_about 	 with the doors open
( It may be easier to lift Right Refrigerator Door with the doors open. ) 	 talks_about 	 It may be easier to lift Right Refrigerator Door
With the other hand, use pliers to insert the snap ring on the middle hinge of This section as shown. 	 talks_about 	 as shown
With the other hand, use pliers to insert the snap ring on the middle hinge of This section as shown. 	 talks_about 	 With the other hand, use pliers to insert the snap ring on the middle hinge of This section
Insert additional snap rings until Right Refrigerator Door is aligned. 	 talks_about 	 Right Refrigerator Door is aligned
Insert additional snap rings until Right Refrigerator Door is aligned. 	 talks_about 	 Insert additional snap rings
Insert additional snap rings 	 succeded_by 	 Right Refrigerator Door is aligned
Right Refrigerator Door is aligned 	 preceded_by 	 Insert additional snap rings
Insert additional snap rings 	 paraphrase 	 additional snap rings should be inserted 
( Three snap rings are provided with the unit. ) 	 talks_about 	 the unit
( Three snap rings are provided with the unit. ) 	 talks_about 	 Three snap rings
the unit 	 are_provided_with_reverse 	 Three snap rings
Three snap rings 	 are_provided_with 	 the unit
['After installing, plug the refrigerator\x92s power cord into a 3-prong grounded outlet and push the refrigerator into the final position.'] 	 talks_about 	 After installing, plug the refrigerators power cord into a 3-prong grounded outlet and push the refrigerator into the final position.
After installing, plug the refrigerators power cord into a 3-prong grounded outlet and push the refrigerator into the final position. 	 talks_about 	 installing, plug the refrigerators power cord into a 3-prong grounded outlet and push the refrigerator into the final position
['Connect to a rated power outlet.', 'Have a certified electrician check the wall outlet and wiring for proper grounding.', 'Do not damage or cut off the ground terminal of the power plug.'] 	 talks_about 	 Connect to a rated power outlet.
['Connect to a rated power outlet.', 'Have a certified electrician check the wall outlet and wiring for proper grounding.', 'Do not damage or cut off the ground terminal of the power plug.'] 	 talks_about 	 Have a certified electrician check the wall outlet and wiring for proper grounding.
['Connect to a rated power outlet.', 'Have a certified electrician check the wall outlet and wiring for proper grounding.', 'Do not damage or cut off the ground terminal of the power plug.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not damage or cut off the ground terminal of the power plug.
Do not damage or cut off the ground terminal of the power plug. 	 paraphrase 	 the ground terminal of the power plug should not be cut or off
the ground terminal of the power plug should not be cut or off 	 talks_about 	 the ground terminal of the power plug
the ground terminal of the power plug should not be cut or off 	 talks_about 	 or off
the ground terminal of the power plug 	 should_not_be_cut 	 or off
['Arrange the coil of tubing so that it does not vibrate against the back of the refrigerator or against the wall. Push the refrigerator back to the wall.'] 	 talks_about 	 Arrange the coil of tubing so that the coil of tubing does not vibrate against the back of the Refrigerator or against the wall.
['Arrange the coil of tubing so that it does not vibrate against the back of the refrigerator or against the wall. Push the refrigerator back to the wall.'] 	 talks_about 	 Push the Refrigerator back to the wall.
Arrange the coil of tubing so that the coil of tubing does not vibrate against the back of the Refrigerator or against the wall. 	 talks_about 	 the coil of tubing does not vibrate against the back of the Refrigerator or against the wall
Arrange the coil of tubing so that the coil of tubing does not vibrate against the back of the Refrigerator or against the wall. 	 talks_about 	 Arrange the coil of tubing
Arrange the coil of tubing 	 Result 	 the coil of tubing does not vibrate against the back of the Refrigerator or against the wall
the coil of tubing does not vibrate against the back of the Refrigerator or against the wall 	 Reason 	 Arrange the coil of tubing
Push the Refrigerator back to the wall. 	 paraphrase 	 the Refrigerator should be pushed back to the wall
the Refrigerator should be pushed back to the wall 	 talks_about 	 the Refrigerator
the Refrigerator should be pushed back to the wall 	 talks_about 	 back to the wall
the Refrigerator 	 should_be_pushed 	 back to the wall
Arrange the coil of tubing 	 paraphrase 	 the coil of tubing should be arranged 
back to the wall 	 should_be_pushed_reverse 	 the Refrigerator
['Use non-flammable cleaner. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'] 	 talks_about 	 Use non-flammable cleaner.
['Use non-flammable cleaner. Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.'] 	 talks_about 	 Failure to do so can result in fire, explosion, or death.
Use non-flammable cleaner. 	 paraphrase 	 non-flammable cleaner should be used 
['Do not use an abrasive cloth or sponge when cleaning the interior and exterior of the refrigerator.', 'Do not place your hand on the bottom surface of the refrigerator when opening and closing the doors.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not use an abrasive cloth or sponge when cleaning the interior and exterior of the refrigerator.
['Do not use an abrasive cloth or sponge when cleaning the interior and exterior of the refrigerator.', 'Do not place your hand on the bottom surface of the refrigerator when opening and closing the doors.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not place your hand on the bottom surface of the refrigerator when opening and closing the doors.
Do not use an abrasive cloth or sponge when cleaning the interior and exterior of the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 cleaning the interior and exterior of the refrigerator
Do not use an abrasive cloth or sponge when cleaning the interior and exterior of the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 Do not use an abrasive cloth or sponge
Do not use an abrasive cloth or sponge 	 Synchronous 	 cleaning the interior and exterior of the refrigerator
cleaning the interior and exterior of the refrigerator 	 Synchronous 	 Do not use an abrasive cloth or sponge
Do not place your hand on the bottom surface of the refrigerator when opening and closing the doors. 	 talks_about 	 opening and closing the doors
Do not place your hand on the bottom surface of the refrigerator when opening and closing the doors. 	 talks_about 	 Do not place your hand on the bottom surface of the refrigerator
Do not place your hand on the bottom surface of the refrigerator 	 Synchronous 	 opening and closing the doors
opening and closing the doors 	 Synchronous 	 Do not place your hand on the bottom surface of the refrigerator
Do not use an abrasive cloth or sponge 	 paraphrase 	 an abrasive cloth or sponge should not be used 
Do not place your hand on the bottom surface of the refrigerator 	 paraphrase 	 your hand should not be placed on the bottom surface of the refrigerator
your hand should not be placed on the bottom surface of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 your hand
your hand should not be placed on the bottom surface of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 on the bottom surface of the refrigerator
your hand 	 should_not_be_placed 	 on the bottom surface of the refrigerator
your hand should not be placed on the bottom surface of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the bottom surface of the refrigerator
your hand 	 should_not_be_placed_on 	 the bottom surface of the refrigerator
the bottom surface of the refrigerator 	 should_not_be_placed_on_reverse 	 your hand
['Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean both sections once a month to prevent odors.', 'Wipe up spills immediately.', 'Unplug the refrigerator or disconnect power before cleaning.', 'Remove all removable parts, such as shelves.', 'Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.', 'Hand wash, rinse and dry all surfaces thoroughly.'] 	 talks_about 	 Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean Both the refrigerator and freezer sections once a month to prevent odors.
['Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean both sections once a month to prevent odors.', 'Wipe up spills immediately.', 'Unplug the refrigerator or disconnect power before cleaning.', 'Remove all removable parts, such as shelves.', 'Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.', 'Hand wash, rinse and dry all surfaces thoroughly.'] 	 talks_about 	 Wipe up spills immediately.
['Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean both sections once a month to prevent odors.', 'Wipe up spills immediately.', 'Unplug the refrigerator or disconnect power before cleaning.', 'Remove all removable parts, such as shelves.', 'Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.', 'Hand wash, rinse and dry all surfaces thoroughly.'] 	 talks_about 	 Unplug the refrigerator or disconnect power before cleaning.
['Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean both sections once a month to prevent odors.', 'Wipe up spills immediately.', 'Unplug the refrigerator or disconnect power before cleaning.', 'Remove all removable parts, such as shelves.', 'Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.', 'Hand wash, rinse and dry all surfaces thoroughly.'] 	 talks_about 	 Remove all removable parts, such as shelves.
['Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean both sections once a month to prevent odors.', 'Wipe up spills immediately.', 'Unplug the refrigerator or disconnect power before cleaning.', 'Remove all removable parts, such as shelves.', 'Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.', 'Hand wash, rinse and dry all surfaces thoroughly.'] 	 talks_about 	 Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water.
['Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean both sections once a month to prevent odors.', 'Wipe up spills immediately.', 'Unplug the refrigerator or disconnect power before cleaning.', 'Remove all removable parts, such as shelves.', 'Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.', 'Hand wash, rinse and dry all surfaces thoroughly.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.
['Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean both sections once a month to prevent odors.', 'Wipe up spills immediately.', 'Unplug the refrigerator or disconnect power before cleaning.', 'Remove all removable parts, such as shelves.', 'Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.', 'Hand wash, rinse and dry all surfaces thoroughly.'] 	 talks_about 	 Hand wash, rinse and dry all surfaces thoroughly.
Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean Both the refrigerator and freezer sections once a month to prevent odors. 	 talks_about 	 clean Both the refrigerator and freezer sections once a month to prevent odors
Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically; however, clean Both the refrigerator and freezer sections once a month to prevent odors. 	 talks_about 	 Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically
Both the refrigerator and freezer sections defrost automatically 	 Contrast 	 clean Both the refrigerator and freezer sections once a month to prevent odors
Wipe up spills immediately. 	 paraphrase 	 spills should be wiped up immediately
spills should be wiped up immediately 	 talks_about 	 spills
spills should be wiped up immediately 	 talks_about 	 up immediately
spills 	 should_be_wiped 	 up immediately
Remove all removable parts, such as shelves. 	 paraphrase 	 all removable parts, such as shelves should be removed 
Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners. 	 paraphrase 	 abrasive or harsh cleaners should not be used 
spills should be wiped up immediately 	 talks_about 	 immediately
immediately 	 should_be_wiped_up_reverse 	 spills
spills 	 should_be_wiped_up 	 immediately
clean Both the refrigerator and freezer sections once a month to prevent odors 	 talks_about 	 clean freezer sections once a month
clean Both the refrigerator and freezer sections once a month to prevent odors 	 talks_about 	 odors
clean Both the refrigerator and freezer sections once a month to prevent odors 	 talks_about 	 clean Both the refrigerator sections once a month
clean freezer sections once a month 	 to_prevent 	 odors
odors 	 to_prevent_reverse 	 clean freezer sections once a month
clean Both the refrigerator sections once a month 	 to_prevent 	 odors
odors 	 to_prevent_reverse 	 clean Both the refrigerator sections once a month
['For products with black stainless steel exterior, spray glass cleaner on a clean microfiber cloth and rub in direction of grain. Do not spray glass cleaner directly at the display panel. Do not use harsh or abrasive cleaners.', 'For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain. Dry with a paper towel to avoid streaks. For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.'] 	 talks_about 	 For products with black stainless steel exterior, spray glass cleaner on a clean microfiber cloth and rub in direction of grain.
['For products with black stainless steel exterior, spray glass cleaner on a clean microfiber cloth and rub in direction of grain. Do not spray glass cleaner directly at the display panel. Do not use harsh or abrasive cleaners.', 'For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain. Dry with a paper towel to avoid streaks. For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not spray glass cleaner directly at the display panel.
['For products with black stainless steel exterior, spray glass cleaner on a clean microfiber cloth and rub in direction of grain. Do not spray glass cleaner directly at the display panel. Do not use harsh or abrasive cleaners.', 'For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain. Dry with a paper towel to avoid streaks. For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not use harsh or abrasive cleaners.
['For products with black stainless steel exterior, spray glass cleaner on a clean microfiber cloth and rub in direction of grain. Do not spray glass cleaner directly at the display panel. Do not use harsh or abrasive cleaners.', 'For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain. Dry with a paper towel to avoid streaks. For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.'] 	 talks_about 	 For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain.
['For products with black stainless steel exterior, spray glass cleaner on a clean microfiber cloth and rub in direction of grain. Do not spray glass cleaner directly at the display panel. Do not use harsh or abrasive cleaners.', 'For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain. Dry with a paper towel to avoid streaks. For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.'] 	 talks_about 	 Dry with a paper towel to avoid streaks.
['For products with black stainless steel exterior, spray glass cleaner on a clean microfiber cloth and rub in direction of grain. Do not spray glass cleaner directly at the display panel. Do not use harsh or abrasive cleaners.', 'For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain. Dry with a paper towel to avoid streaks. For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.'] 	 talks_about 	 For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying.
['For products with black stainless steel exterior, spray glass cleaner on a clean microfiber cloth and rub in direction of grain. Do not spray glass cleaner directly at the display panel. Do not use harsh or abrasive cleaners.', 'For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain. Dry with a paper towel to avoid streaks. For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not use abrasive or harsh cleaners.
Do not spray glass cleaner directly at the display panel. 	 paraphrase 	 glass cleaner should not be sprayed directly at the display panel
glass cleaner should not be sprayed directly at the display panel 	 talks_about 	 glass cleaner
glass cleaner should not be sprayed directly at the display panel 	 talks_about 	 directly at the display panel
glass cleaner 	 should_not_be_sprayed 	 directly at the display panel
Do not use harsh or abrasive cleaners. 	 paraphrase 	 harsh or abrasive cleaners should not be used 
glass cleaner should not be sprayed directly at the display panel 	 talks_about 	 the display panel
the display panel 	 should_not_be_sprayed_directly_at_reverse 	 glass cleaner
glass cleaner 	 should_not_be_sprayed_directly_at 	 the display panel
For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain. 	 talks_about 	 For products with a standard stainless steel exterior
For products with a standard stainless steel exterior, use a damp microfiber cloth and rub in the direction of the grain. 	 talks_about 	 a damp microfiber cloth
For products with a standard stainless steel exterior 	 use 	 a damp microfiber cloth
a damp microfiber cloth 	 use_reverse 	 For products with a standard stainless steel exterior
For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. 	 talks_about 	 For fingerprints
For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. 	 talks_about 	 water
For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. 	 talks_about 	 a few drops of liquid dish soap
For stubborn stains and fingerprints, use a few drops of liquid dish soap in water, and rinse with hot water before drying. 	 talks_about 	 For stubborn stains
For fingerprints 	 use_in 	 water
For fingerprints 	 use 	 a few drops of liquid dish soap
water 	 use_in_reverse 	 For fingerprints
For stubborn stains 	 use_in 	 water
a few drops of liquid dish soap 	 use_reverse 	 For fingerprints
a few drops of liquid dish soap 	 use_reverse 	 For stubborn stains
water 	 use_in_reverse 	 For stubborn stains
For stubborn stains 	 use 	 a few drops of liquid dish soap
['Allow freezer to warm up so the cloth will not stick.', 'To help remove odors, wash the inside of the refrigerator with a mixture of baking soda and warm water. Mix 2 tablespoons of baking soda to 1 quart of water (26 g soda to 1 liter water.) Be sure the baking soda is completely dissolved so it does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 Allow freezer to warm up so the cloth will not stick.
['Allow freezer to warm up so the cloth will not stick.', 'To help remove odors, wash the inside of the refrigerator with a mixture of baking soda and warm water. Mix 2 tablespoons of baking soda to 1 quart of water (26 g soda to 1 liter water.) Be sure the baking soda is completely dissolved so it does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 Mix 2 tablespoons of baking soda to 1 quart of water ( 26 g soda to 1 liter water. )
['Allow freezer to warm up so the cloth will not stick.', 'To help remove odors, wash the inside of the refrigerator with a mixture of baking soda and warm water. Mix 2 tablespoons of baking soda to 1 quart of water (26 g soda to 1 liter water.) Be sure the baking soda is completely dissolved so it does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator.'] 	 talks_about 	 Be sure baking soda is completely dissolved so baking soda does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator.
Allow freezer to warm up so the cloth will not stick. 	 talks_about 	 the cloth will not stick
Allow freezer to warm up so the cloth will not stick. 	 talks_about 	 Allow freezer to warm up
Allow freezer to warm up 	 Result 	 the cloth will not stick
the cloth will not stick 	 Reason 	 Allow freezer to warm up
Be sure baking soda is completely dissolved so baking soda does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 baking soda is completely dissolved so baking soda does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator
Be sure baking soda is completely dissolved so baking soda does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator. 	 talks_about 	 Be sure
Allow freezer to warm up 	 paraphrase 	 freezer should be allowed to warm up
freezer should be allowed to warm up 	 talks_about 	 freezer
freezer should be allowed to warm up 	 talks_about 	 to warm up
freezer 	 should_be_allowed 	 to warm up
baking soda is completely dissolved so baking soda does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 baking soda does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator
baking soda is completely dissolved so baking soda does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 baking soda is completely dissolved
baking soda is completely dissolved 	 Result 	 baking soda does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator
baking soda does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator 	 Reason 	 baking soda is completely dissolved
baking soda does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 baking soda
baking soda does not scratch the surfaces of the refrigerator 	 talks_about 	 the surfaces of the refrigerator
baking soda 	 does_not_scratch 	 the surfaces of the refrigerator
the surfaces of the refrigerator 	 does_not_scratch_reverse 	 baking soda
['Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum on plastic refrigerator parts.'] 	 talks_about 	 Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water.
['Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum on plastic refrigerator parts.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not use cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum on plastic refrigerator parts.
Do not use cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum on plastic refrigerator parts. 	 paraphrase 	 cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum should not be used on plastic refrigerator parts
cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum should not be used on plastic refrigerator parts 	 talks_about 	 cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum
cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum should not be used on plastic refrigerator parts 	 talks_about 	 on plastic refrigerator parts
cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum 	 should_not_be_used 	 on plastic refrigerator parts
cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum should not be used on plastic refrigerator parts 	 talks_about 	 petroleum
cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum should not be used on plastic refrigerator parts 	 talks_about 	 cleaners
cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum should not be used on plastic refrigerator parts 	 talks_about 	 cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners
cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners containing petroleum should not be used on plastic refrigerator parts 	 talks_about 	 plastic refrigerator parts
petroleum 	 containing_reverse 	 cleaners
cleaners 	 containing 	 petroleum
cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners 	 should_not_be_used_on 	 plastic refrigerator parts
plastic refrigerator parts 	 should_not_be_used_on_reverse 	 cleaning waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleaners
['Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids. These can scratch or damage the material.'] 	 talks_about 	 Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water.
['Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids. These can scratch or damage the material.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not use glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids.
['Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm water. Do not use glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids. These can scratch or damage the material.'] 	 talks_about 	 glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids can scratch or damage the material.
Do not use glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids. 	 paraphrase 	 glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids should not be used 
glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids can scratch or damage the material. 	 talks_about 	 glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids
glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids can scratch or damage the material. 	 talks_about 	 the material
glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids 	 damage 	 the material
the material 	 damage_reverse 	 glass cleaners, abrasive cleansers, or flammable fluids
['Use a vacuum cleaner with a brush or crevice attachment to clean the condenser cover and vents. Do not remove the panel covering the condenser coil area.'] 	 talks_about 	 Use a vacuum cleaner with a brush or crevice attachment to clean the condenser cover and vents.
['Use a vacuum cleaner with a brush or crevice attachment to clean the condenser cover and vents. Do not remove the panel covering the condenser coil area.'] 	 talks_about 	 Do not remove the panel covering the condenser coil area.
Use a vacuum cleaner with a brush or crevice attachment to clean the condenser cover and vents. 	 paraphrase 	 a vacuum cleaner with a brush or crevice attachment should be used to clean the condenser cover and vents
a vacuum cleaner with a brush or crevice attachment should be used to clean the condenser cover and vents 	 talks_about 	 a vacuum cleaner with a brush or crevice attachment
a vacuum cleaner with a brush or crevice attachment should be used to clean the condenser cover and vents 	 talks_about 	 to clean the condenser cover and vents
a vacuum cleaner with a brush or crevice attachment 	 should_be_used 	 to clean the condenser cover and vents
Do not remove the panel covering the condenser coil area. 	 paraphrase 	 the panel covering the condenser coil area should not be removed 
the panel covering the condenser coil area should not be removed 	 talks_about 	 the condenser coil area
the panel covering the condenser coil area should not be removed 	 talks_about 	 the panel
the condenser coil area 	 covering_reverse 	 the panel
the panel 	 covering 	 the condenser coil area
