['LRMNC1803', 'LRMNC1813']
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Clean the refrigerator')
('Clean the refrigerator', 'description', ['Clean the refrigerator thoroughly and wipe off all dust that accumulated during shipping.'])
('Clean the refrigerator', 'caution', ['Do not scratch the refrigerator with a sharp object or use a detergent that contains alcohol, a flammable liquid or an abrasive when removing any tape or adhesive from the refrigerator. Remove adhesive residue by wiping it off with your thumb or dish detergent.', 'Do not peel off the model or serial number label or the technical information on the rear surface of the refrigerator.'])
('Open refrigerator doors and freezer drawers to ventilate the interior', 'description', ['The inside of the refrigerator may smell like plastic at first. Remove any adhesive tape from inside the refrigerator and open the refrigerator doors and the freezer drawers for ventilation.'])
('Connect the power supply', 'description', ['Check if the power supply is connected before use.'])
('Wait for the refrigerator to cool', 'description', ['Allow the refrigerator to run for at least two to three hours before putting food in it. Check the flow of cold air in the freezer compartment to ensure proper cooling.'])
('Wait for the refrigerator to cool', 'caution', ['Putting food in the refrigerator before it has cooled could cause the food to spoil, or a bad odor to remain inside the refrigerator.'])
('The refrigerator makes a loud noise after initial operation', 'description', ['This is normal. The volume will decrease as the temperature decreases.'])
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Open refrigerator doors and freezer drawers to ventilate the interior')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Connect the power supply')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'Wait for the refrigerator to cool')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION.Before_Use.Checklist', 'The refrigerator makes a loud noise after initial operation')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Control Panel')
('Control Panel', 'summary', ['Depending on the model, some of the following functions may not be available.', 'The actual control panel may differ from model to model.'])
('Control Panel', 'have_features', 'Control Panel Features')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Freezer')
('Freezer', 'description', ['Indicates the set temperature of the freezer compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default freezer temperature is 0°F (hph18 °C). Press the Freezer button repeatedly to select a new set temperature fromhph7 °F to 5 °F (hph23 °C tohph15 °C).'])
('Refrigerator', 'description', ['Indicates the set temperature of the refrigerator compartment in Celsius (°C) or Fahrenheit (°F). The default refrigerator temperature is 37 °F (3 °C). Press the Refrigerator button repeatedly to select a new set temperature from 33 °F to 43 °F (1 °C to 7 °C).', 'To change the temperature mode from °F to °C (or vice versa) press and hold the Refrigerator and Freezer buttons simultaneously for approximately five seconds. The temperature indicator on the display window switches between Celsius and Fahrenheit.', 'The displayed temperature is the target temperature, and not the actual temperature of the refrigerator. The actual refrigerator temperature depends on the food inside the refrigerator.'])
('Vacation', 'description', ['Set the refrigerator to this power saving mode to reduce energy consumption when you are away from home for a few days.', 'Press the Vacation button to turn the function off or on. The LED stays lit when the function is on.', 'When this function is on, the other buttons on the control panel are locked. When you return home, remember to turn this function off to unlock the other buttons and return the refrigerator to its previous temperature settings.'])
('Express Frz', 'have_features', 'This function increases freezing capability')
('This function increases freezing capability', 'description', ['To activate, press and hold the Express Frz. button until the LED lights up on the control panel. The function operates for about 24 hours, then turns off automatically.', 'To deactivate the function manually, press and hold the Express Frz. button.'])
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Refrigerator')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Vacation')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Express Frz')
('Control Panel Features', 'have_features', 'Display Mode (For Store Use Only)')
('Display Mode (For Store Use Only)', 'description', ['The Display Mode disables all cooling in the refrigerator and freezer sections to conserve energy while on display in a retail store. When activated, OFF is displayed on the control panel and the display remains on for 20 seconds.'])
('Display Mode (For Store Use Only)', 'deactivate', ['With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.'])
('Display Mode (For Store Use Only)', 'activate', ['With either refrigerator door opened, press the Express Frz. button 3 times consecutively while pressing the Refrigerator button. The control panel beeps and the temperature settings display to confirm that Display Mode is deactivated. Use the same procedure to activate Display Mode.'])
('Sabbath Mode', 'Using.description', ['Sabbath mode automatically turns off after 96 hours.', 'Once turned on, Sabbath mode is maintained even after a power outage.', 'Selecting Sabbath mode automatically turns off the Alarm functions.'])
('Sabbath Mode', 'Using', 'Sabbath mode is used on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays')
('Sabbath mode is used on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays', 'description', ['To turn Sabbath mode on, touch the display to activate it, then press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds until appears in the display.', 'To turn Sabbath mode off manually, press and hold the Freezer and Vacation buttons for 3 seconds.'])
('Food', 'Storing', 'Food Storage Tips')
('Food Storage Tips', 'description', ['Wrap or store food in the refrigerator in airtight and moisturehphproof material unless otherwise noted. This prevents food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator. For dated products, check date code to ensure freshness.'])
('Food Storage Tips', 'caution', ['Do not overfill or pack items too tightly into door bins. Doing so may cause damage to the bin or personal injury if items are removed with excessive force.', 'Do not store glass containers in the freezer. Contents may expand when frozen, break the container and cause injury.'])
('Frozen Food', 'Storing.description', ['Check a freezer guide or a reliable cookbook for further information about preparing food for freezing or food storage times.', 'Allow hot foods to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, and then package and freeze. Cooling hot foods before freezing saves energy.', 'If you are leaving home for a short period, like a short vacation, the refrigerator should be left on. Refrigerated foods that are able to be frozen will stay preserved longer if stored in the freezer.', 'If you are leaving the refrigerator turned off for an extended period, remove all food and unplug the power cord. Clean the interior, and leave the door open to prevent fungi from growing in the refrigerator.', 'Do not store food with high moisture content towards the top of the refrigerator. The moisture could come in direct contact with the cold air and freeze.', 'Wash food before storing it in the refrigerator. Vegetables should be washed, and food packaging should be wiped down to prevent adjacent foods from being contaminated.', 'If the refrigerator is kept in a hot and humid place, frequent opening of the door or storing a lot of vegetables in the refrigerator may cause condensation to form. Wipe off the condensation with a clean cloth or a paper towel.', 'If the refrigerator door or freezer drawer is opened or closed too often, warm air may penetrate the refrigerator and raise its temperature. This can increase the running costs of the unit.'])
('Frozen Food', 'Storing.Freezing', ['Your freezer will not quickhphfreeze a large quantity of food. Do not put more unfrozen food into the freezer than will freeze within 24 hours (no more than 2 to 3 pounds of food per cubic foot of freezer space). Leave enough space in the freezer for air to circulate around packages. Be careful to leave enough room at the front so the door can close tightly.', 'Storage times will vary according to the quality and type of food, the type of packaging or wrap used (how airtight and moisturehphproof) and the storage temperature. Ice crystals inside a sealed package are normal. This simply means that moisture in the food and air inside the package have condensed, creating ice crystals.'])
('Frozen Food', 'Storing.Packaging.description', ['Successful freezing depends on correct packaging. When you close and seal the package, it must not allow air or moisture in or out. If it does, you could have food odor and taste transfer throughout the refrigerator and could also dry out frozen food.', 'Follow package or container instructions for proper freezing methods.'])
('Frozen Food', 'Storing.Packaging.Packaging_recommendations', ['Rigid plastic containers with tighthphfitting lids', 'Straighthphsided canning/freezing jars', 'Heavyhphduty aluminum foil', 'Plastichphcoated paper', 'Nonhphpermeable plastic wraps', 'Specified freezerhphgrade selfhphsealing plastic bags'])
('Frozen Food', 'Storing.Packaging.Do_not_use', ['Bread wrappers', 'Nonhphpolyethylene plastic containers', 'Containers without tight lids', 'Wax paper or waxhphcoated freezer wrap', 'Thin, semihphpermeable wrap'])
('Food', 'Storing', 'Frozen Food')
('Refrigerator Shelves', 'summary', ['The shelves in the refrigerator are adjustable to meet individual storage needs.', 'Adjusting the shelves to fit items of different heights will make finding the exact item you want easier.'])
('Refrigerator Shelves', 'have_features', 'Folding Shelf')
('Folding Shelf', 'Using.description', ['Store taller items, such as gallon containers or bottles, by pushing the front half of the shelf underneath the back half of the shelf. Pull the front of the shelf forward to return to a full shelf.'])
('Folding Shelf', 'Using.caution', ['Glass shelves are heavy. Use special care when removing them.', 'Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'])
('Full Width Shelf', 'Detaching.caution', ['Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'])
('Full Width Shelf', 'Detaching.procedure.steps', ['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf then lift the shelf straight up at the back.', 'Tilt the shelf at an angle and pull it out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.'])
('Full Width Shelf', 'Assembling.caution', ['Do not clean glass shelves with warm water while they are cold. Shelves may break if exposed to sudden temperature changes or impact.'])
('Full Width Shelf', 'Assembling.procedure.steps', ['To detach, tilt up the front of the shelf then lift the shelf straight up at the back.', 'Tilt the shelf at an angle and pull it out.', 'To assemble, tilt the front of the shelf up and guide the shelf hooks into the slots at a desired height.', 'Lower the front of the shelf so that the hooks drop into the slots.', 'Make sure that shelves are level from one side to the other. Failure to do so may result in the shelf falling or spilled food.'])
('Refrigerator Shelves', 'have_features', 'Full Width Shelf')
('Crisper Drawers', 'Removing.caution', ['Remove items from on top of the glass cover before removing the cover.', 'Take care when handling the glass cover. There is still a risk of injury if the glass is broken, even though it is tempered glass.', 'Take care when removing or assembling the cover not to catch hands between the cover and the drawers.'])
('Crisper Drawers', 'Removing.procedure.steps', ['Lift the front of one drawer to remove it from its guides and pull straight out. Repeat to remove the second drawer.', 'Lift the front of the cover with one hand and support underneath the cover with the other hand.', 'Tilt the cover 45 degrees and pull it forward to remove it.'])
('Crisper Drawers', 'Assembling.procedure.steps', ['Hold the cover at a 45hphdegree angle and insert it into the refrigerator.', 'Supporting the cover with one hand, bring the cover to a horizontal position and lower it onto the guides. Push the cover back into place.', 'Tilt up the front of one drawer and insert the rollers into the side guides. Lower the drawer and push it in. Repeat with second drawer.'])
('Door Bins', 'Detaching.description', ['The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.'])
('Door Bins', 'Detaching.procedure.steps', ['To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out.', 'To replace the bin, slide it in above the desired support and push down until it snaps into place.'])
('Door Bins', 'Detaching.caution', ['Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; they can become easily contaminated by food.', 'Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.', 'Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.'])
('Door Bins', 'Assembling.description', ['The door bins are removable for easy cleaning and adjustment.'])
('Door Bins', 'Assembling.procedure.steps', ['To remove the bin, simply lift the bin up and pull straight out.', 'To replace the bin, slide it in above the desired support and push down until it snaps into place.'])
('Door Bins', 'Assembling.caution', ['Regularly detach and wash the storage bins and shelves; they can become easily contaminated by food.', 'Do not apply excessive force while detaching or assembling the storage bins.', 'Do not use the dishwasher to clean the storage bins and shelves.'])
('Durabase', 'Using.description', ['The Durabase divider allows you to organize the Durabase area into 2 sections. It can be adjusted from side to side to accommodate items of different sizes.'])
('Durabase', 'Using.warning', ['If the Durabase divider is removed, there is enough open space for children or pets to crawl inside. To prevent accidental child and pet entrapment or suffocation risk, DO NOT allow children or pets to touch or go near the drawer.'])
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Sabbath Mode')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Food')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Refrigerator Shelves')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Crisper Drawers')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Door Bins')
('REFRIGERATOR', 'OPERATION', 'Durabase')
