
Tasks:
1)KG building, Graph Embedding for Question Answering
a) Graph Attention Layer and search using it
b) Dynamic linking of related KG entity

2)KG Enrichment with external KG


concept net
graph embedding for question answering


graph embedding


what work has already been done?

what are the implementation,

data?
metrices, challanges!

It is an exploration task. Work on literature survey of papers, existing models, toolchains and bring up a working demo.

Publicly available large-scale KG used in Research:

DBpedia, Freebase, OpenCyc, Wikidata, YAGO

Paper on Question Answering:
Knowledge Graph Embedding Based Question Answering(WSDM '19: Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data):
Problems in KG-QA:
1)a predicate could have different natural language expressions (semantic information).
2)ambiguity of entity names and partial names

The paper proposed an approach to solve above problems:
1)By utilizing embedding information in the graph. jointly recover the question’s head entity, predicate, and tail entity
representations in the KG embedding spaces. It Attention-based bidirectional LSTM models are employed to perform the predicate and head entity representation learning.

2)It focuses on answering simple questions.

Paper on Entity Linking:
Dynamic Graph Convolutional Networks for Entity Linking(WWW2020)
1)The graph structure in this model is dynamically computed and modified during training using Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN).

Paper on Graph attention:
1)Commonsense Knowledge Aware Conversation Generation with Graph Attention(Proceedings of the Twenty-Seventh International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI-18) : It's a generation task, not search, could be relevant
)
2)KGAT: Knowledge Graph Attention Network for Recommendation(KDD '19): For reccomendation

3)Learning Attention-based Embeddings for Relation Prediction in
Knowledge Graphs(ACL): The paper proposes a novel attention-based feature embedding that captures both entity and relation features in any given entity’s neighborhood.

Paper on KG Enrichment:
1)Entity Alignment between Knowledge Graphs Using Attribute Embeddings(Third AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-19)): 
Learn embeddings that can capture the similarity between entities in different knowledge graphs. The proposed model helps align entities
from different knowledge graphs, and hence enables the integration of multiple knowledge graphs

Other relevant survey papers:
1)Knowledge Graph Embedding: A Survey of Approaches and Applications
2)Knowledge Graphs: https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.02320: It  discusses various graph-based data models and query languages that are used for knowledge graphs.  creation, enrichment, quality assessment, refinement, and publication of knowledge graphs
3)Knowledge Graph Refinement:A Survey of Approaches and Evaluation Methods : discusess knowledge graph refinement
approaches, with a dual look at both the methods being proposed as well as the evaluation methodologies used.




Conceptnet, webclient

